You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the more read in the United States .
And I 'm always telling people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or leather clothing , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a revelation generally is something that fell to you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When they 're beating up to bleed every week in the children 's bathroom , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life by letting me go into the faculty room .
I was doing it in secret .
For three years .
I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , and I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working on organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that adults never get to know us .
You could make Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've ever found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get bored with this for you . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We were laughing , we laugh , we cried , and we realized she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me , it became a box of ash and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today 's a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica , almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> them around the water almost 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another <unk> on snow after year .
The <unk> are born when they fall from the glaciers or break the ice walls .
Every eardrum has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it anymore , and they 'll get involved in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , that you 're isolated apart and alone , as we see us sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As you melts an iceberg , you release fresh freshwater in minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I come up to photograph these <unk> as if I was treated with the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , they 're going to be that way , and they will not exist that way again .
It 's not death when it 's melting ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the <unk> ice I 'm photographing is very young -- it has a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's fairly uncommon to see a rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , the boat has moved to the other side and the man 's standing there .
This is a Greenland iceberg , of average size .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And just like , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two pairs in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single <unk> baby .
So , two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention to you .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome 's chromosome joins the X chromosome together from the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome joins the X chromosome together of the egg .
They both turn on and starts life .
We will go back to talk about them later .
In my activity , I 'll get two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of the anatomy .
I 'm an historian for training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- -- and human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body .
The other role that performance on my work is an activist as a patient 's advocate , as I say sometimes , advocate for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with atypical sex , individuals whose physical typology does not fit into the male male-pattern female schemes .
We can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that does n't be embedded in the ordinary or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual , with an XY <unk> , whose chromosome <unk> the chromosome , says to the <unk> , that we all have in the <unk> life , that are <unk> .
And then , in <unk> life , testicles produce testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops in the typical female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast breast , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's not really like this .
Women , as men , have in the body , called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like myself -- I consider a typical woman ; they do n't know its <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman of most women as I are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles who have <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy who had a kid , and he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy , and he had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and he had the uterus that were so active , in essence , created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component by typically male .
He was born with a kid ; nobody suspected anything .
And it was at the age of 19 , when he started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when the doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have tissue tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know what that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies become dwarfed , twins <unk> , or <unk> are <unk> to <unk> surgeries that is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go to several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings into a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
Very simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about cultures .
Our nation is based on a very romantic basis .
Imagine the amazing thing that is having children who are born like two people within one body .
The most high case is last year with the <unk> South African runner , which was put in cloth for their sex in the Berlin Games .
A lot of reporters called me to wonder , `` What do you test to determine whether <unk> <unk> is a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is n't such a test .
In fact , now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women , or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> -- we are who we mapped that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , more we have to admit that these categories were stable anatomical categories that were being used directly to be used by stable <unk> categories -- are much more nuanced than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What 's the fact that <unk> from them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which one body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today not in public , but I do n't know where someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this issue of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of him put a pen in front of the nose , and if he moved still , he did n't throw it away .
If I stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with a dilemma to actually determine somebody 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics I am progressive , asking people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
They 're going to argue that these categories are much more unstable than we thought we were .
Let 's get back from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , which I find every bit so much watching that musical <unk> -- and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
Founding Fathers were , for me , the first activists to the anatomy and tell them why .
What they had been rejected was an anatomical concept and <unk> it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And as you all remember , what we had been rejected by our Founding Fathers was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that was going to be political power on his grandfather to the father and then the son , etc .
Parents <unk> that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They brought the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not anatomical differences . That was very radical .
And in part , they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time was going to be science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Founding Fathers story , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and therefore we would reject the concept of power or an idea of the right idea of birth .
They were moving towards a concept of naturalist .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talked about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were passing out the idea of coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are attached to <unk> about the <unk> difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the Disabilities movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say we should be <unk> in anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five year-old kids were supposed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense , and I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term , was born 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that I was born , three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that , not because I have a different biological age , but because it was born .
We found other <unk> in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man -- if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , for virtue of being considered man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , by his part , has no equal rights to Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So still persist in anatomical categories that in various ways are real and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that the science evolved both in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is going to us .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people have caught up in a weird position .
For example , Texas at a time has decided that to marry a man you do n't have to have chromosome and to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams by doing people .
But this is also very strange to the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I 'm wearing team '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on not the color of their skin , but the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yeah , the idea seems so good . ''
But in practice , what do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this to bring rights to people , because I 've got to admit that I know from some <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know can make more , smart , mature decisions about their sex relationships than people of 40 I know .
So how do we put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonders what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured by an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America is still driving this current thinking of thinking about the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in an Iranian one , where a man who feels attracted to other men is <unk> to be killed , unless it 's willing to submit to a sex shift , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say we do n't have a context as the one of a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd done to give birth twins to put twin twins to pick it up and so forth .
But when the phone asked the operation , the operation was a very stormy operation , he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to .
And I said , `` Well , he 's considered political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers tremendous possibilities to people to be who are without <unk> to change the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , to end , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to Mothers .
And I want to say a little radical thing to a feminist , and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical microscopes in particular if there are people thinking about groups .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care about those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisors who I knew I was interested in my <unk> feminism thought , like <unk> made me a strange theme .
`` Tell me what 's about feminine . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender stereotypes , so there is nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about her question , the more I have a little bit of a feminine thing about feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the Founding fathers , they were very attentive to find the way to protect people in the state , is possible that , to have more Mothers giving this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the government of reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond anatomy : to think less on the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a more perfect union , think about what we 're doing for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 in 2007 , we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new objective should be that when every family thinks about where it wants to go to live and work , it has a chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't have a single city willing to be able to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities are worth much more than their cost of construction .
So we could easily put the world down , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it 's just going to be lost by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments are already owners and the other half still wo n't do it .
They could try to increase the capability by making <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid discomfort and distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place will be building instead of putting drones on .
So I proposed that governments were bringing together new enough of developing cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would crop out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras passed by a harrowing constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> imposed on a platform for which I promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of trials with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say that you ca n't go and upset every day of apartment residents .
<unk> a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both of technologies to make progress , and usually they 're the rules that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
I showed it to you .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's give the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Note , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are attached there and a choice for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk about four and five in January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to <unk> a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that tries to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's more than 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The conference leader came over to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
I 've got it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city where they could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And it would also include new choices for leaders .
Because government leaders would need help from countries associated with the aid of countries associated with them , could benefit from the countries associated with helping them establish and make the charter of the charter , so that they could actually trust the charter that the charter is effectively turning .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily encompass a thousand square miles .
And soon after January , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that I would allow these special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in the society , really got it out .
By <unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , they passed on another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February February , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are most interested in building in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea -- it 's bigger than the center of Boston .
All you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting the permits .
The other major country in cities is Singapore .
In fact , you 've built two cities in China , and you 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and then then allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allowing its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new justice system .
There are urban <unk> and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that we have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are a lot of companies that would like warming in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming from Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go and get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy their clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What does it look like to insist for families can choose between many cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thanks TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that , I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , more recently , photograph and publish in my blog to bold , colorful and different , for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Ah , thank you .
<unk> stores for me allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to know <unk> people , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and my look is unique ; and buy it becomes my own personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Will it be my size ?
I will like color ?
Do it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel like I 've won .
Back to the issue of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings someone to have all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought in .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear inside , and nothing else .
Same thing for a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured I 'd be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you get here to Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know me as the woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost see phenomenal dollars .
All the whole together , including the jacket , cost me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get away from the right people , you wo n't only understand you , you 're going to get rid of you .
<unk> : <unk> the child who 's taken inside .
Sometimes people tell me that I 'm playing the costumes , or I remind you of their <unk> .
I like to say it and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : the confidence is the key .
If you think you 're looking good at something , it 's almost certain you 're .
And if you think it does n't look well with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , there 's no gaze that you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up to me this week , just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , it 's not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave the back of certain things .
I do n't need it emotionally to these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful and brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be someone who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So , where are your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> for one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like that -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they are each other exclusive .
You can be intuitive and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty much logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We can play with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A intuition that you may have developed with the passage of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at the same time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , you develop it .
I remember looking at a kid playing on a parking lot .
I was a small kid , and I did n't do it well , it was always falling .
But I bet the game with that parking bar was taught a valuable lesson , and that is that great things do n't allow the <unk> , and that they 're stuck in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except to be a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations and the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago , you needed quantum mechanics to describe these little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit into my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody ever saw a particle .
But they did n't fit it well to my logic .
Because if it 's all made of little particles , and all these little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why I should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that an ordinary object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in a quantum overlap .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a really good approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , a springboard and a springboard and <unk> on a platform .
And then I did this sort of the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a swimming hole that 's under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how hard to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or really , really scare .
Quantum mechanics is that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The <unk> of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that <unk> it , and the wind passes on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , we then introduced a vacuuming , and we pulled all the air into a temperature of less than one degree above zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little metal piece is free to act like it wants .
So , we measured their movements .
We discovered that they moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating . And the way it was <unk> as a breath in this way -- like a bellows that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth thrust , we were able to make it <unk> , and that does n't happen at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really cool .
What does it mean that one thing <unk> and did n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time , those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain moments when they line up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the scale scale between one atom , and that little piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between the metal and you .
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you too ?
I mean , it 's my kind of logic that he speaks .
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights down , and we looked inside the box , we saw the metal still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just so close into a small space .
You hear a lot about that a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you are , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing Google work , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that 's here , and it allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I promise , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is simply explaining to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a great education -- I did n't miss it , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and going to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So better to show the demo then to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we have led to us from the launch .
So , simply : we 're going to be <unk> .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York City .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
No matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Do you want to navigate by the museum ?
We opened up the plane , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go to the bottom of the hallway .
Make it go ahead . That 's going to be <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> , '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's the whole data of metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` And what do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom around very simple .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , it does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go further .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I came up and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit of it , I talked to some people in the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is <unk> a <unk> on a Tuesday of Carnival .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get into it even further and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the picture , so you 'll really see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we quickly jump to jump at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the brush ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really gets it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` The night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show them .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call the power of the zooming in , and we just made a zooming around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things really did n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even come out of the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its artwork , and it 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it responsive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm just Italian origin , all the children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in the racing racing racing in the last two decades .
Now , some time ago , if you wanted to win a year 's career , you took a budget and put it into a good pilot and you put it into a good car .
And if the car and the pilot , the pilot were good enough , you win the race .
This is what , in engineering , is going into real time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , are covered in networks and electronics .
They 're going to be <unk> computers .
And like such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As a note aside , it 's only about two percent of the cortex of the planet , but it 's 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Paola <unk> for the late MoMA during the summer .
It 's called `` To me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
It 's a way as if almost all the existing atoms were going to get sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing interaction as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo did the Moses , he says that at the end he took the hammer , and he threw it up to Moses -- and you can actually see a little <unk> , he said , `` You 're <unk> <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just some examples , <unk> in the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year in Italy , Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they were playing Italy and France , and at the end , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , eventually won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at the activity that 's looking at is going through the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river <unk> .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
At the evening there are people here , and there 's calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First of all , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yes !
That night , they all were to celebrate the center .
There you see the big spike .
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the Prime Minister of time .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman period , people will celebrate ; it 's a big party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the entire city pulse in a way that we could n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick example of sensing : not people , but things we use and consume .
Today , we know all about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project we developed some little tags that we had little tags to track the garbage in their way through the system .
We started with a volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing out , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that I can see anyway .
Then we put them a little chip , a tag , to the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from them .
Here in Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there 's a lot of <unk> in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There are complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that <unk> does n't go away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle we <unk> a day still goes on there .
That if we show people that , then we can promote some change of behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about sensing and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we mention at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , who came and told us that Spain and southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , to add to that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine you have a <unk> and valves , valves , <unk> , which are open and closed .
It creates like a curtain of water , with the pixels of water .
If you fall the pixels , you can write in them , show patterns , images , pictures .
And as you get closer , the curtain is open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And we 'd put a commission to design the entrance to the chase entrance .
We call it the Digital Water Year .
All the building is made of water .
There are no doors and windows , but when you approach it , it opens so you can go through .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get the roof down .
Or you can close the building and the whole architecture of the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days , there will always be someone , in the winter , when the roof down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's hold the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it goes down almost the entire architecture of the architecture .
This is how it is working .
You see , you see people who are going through what happens inside .
And here , I 'm trying to do n't get wet to test the sensors that open the water open .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building , because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to let you go , but a building that was still making cuts and holes in water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us , that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could begin to fly .
Imagine you could have small helicopters in the air , and that each had a small pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , as we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
And a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
But in three dimensions , in which what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind of thing .
Imagine the screen appear in different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a <unk> pixels in which you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to the bottom to form a V , like before .
When you turn the light on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people , from the movement of people , and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers today , the star of New York City and from La Scala of <unk> to capture their movements in 3D , and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see 250,000 dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it captures a different resolutions .
It 's so much digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can make all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as possible to entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our environment , as a <unk> environment as a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could do that we could all make it a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- -- and the Obama campaign will <unk> it , we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But it can be to tackle today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered by pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , to serve to share the primary moments of the 2012 Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can rise up , as a new top of London .
You can get in there .
As if it was a new pen at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only a lot of changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for one more precise , more accurate , more accurate .
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure .
How about to live more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member ) Creativity . Creativity . Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few , it probably had to be the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them , that makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> topic here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's gaze about it .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for Evolution to Evolution . ''
But if they actually accept biological evolution consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the most interesting .
<unk> from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There has been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in the most part , the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can tap into and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein protein that we use to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , it 's chemically indistinguishable from the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all have in the intestine more bacteria than the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Antonio : Do you think about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , wet , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that they might want to want without any effort from their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with occasional interruption of some rush rush .
But so on , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest the essential nutrients , and protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , the life on Earth is like a little compass -- the animal kingdom , like one and only <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed it .
When I first reported to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two cells .
But when organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome goes on , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death with sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but every year I was going on , I had a little bit more doubts .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who still was performing in Las Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night , somebody hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a magnificent <unk> dancer .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came to search for a `` Sex soup . ''
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution , not necessarily contradictory , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted it to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted that we live more and healthier .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary standpoint , you and I are <unk> rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next level of the orbital level , and then let 's fall into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that he named Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily address longevity .
They do n't necessarily get the biggest , or the stronger or faster or even faster and even smarter .
Evolution encourages creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria can survive the heat of <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish fish in the vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if you go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if you look forward , to the next phase -- -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first is that it 's not going to be <unk> .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and disappear from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment so that they fit ourselves as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated in , <unk> , and we got so upset that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that we need to happen .
A second possibility is that there is a traditional , natural kind of evolution , naturally , from nature 's forces .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in isolation , when we kind of <unk> planets , there are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but to try and choose for us as individuals in the decisions we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
First , consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you pick on the individual and family level .
Think about it as possible to be able to choose not just sex of its offspring , but in your own body to make the gene modifications to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or removed the stroke ?
Do n't want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that type of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 , and he sued about 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost near 20,000 and a cost of a week .
You do n't have a lot of missing to make the human genome for $ 1,000 , and it 's getting more and more at the reach of all .
Those changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
<unk> or not there 's an experimental trial underway with the flu vaccine in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing from tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only other two small changes .
Can you change your bodies of your bodies , but if you could change your offspring cells ?
And if you could change sperm and those eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life , remove your diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want any healthier children ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us also to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of an Ken Ken Jennings especially if you could get me with the next generation of the machine , our Watson ?
Why do n't you have a faster muscle that allowed us to run faster and further ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions of passing this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to , we might become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally I could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and it might happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren 's grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these choices in order for a better , more successful society ?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most profound things : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds like a scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to you with the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You have some birds . ''
The pilot had already cracked the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The driver 's running the Hudson River .
Mostly , that 's not the route .
Let 's get the motors .
Imagine being on a plane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as I went through the George Washington bridge , which was not very much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also take place to my ego .
And I regret the time I waste things that I did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> on that , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; I 'll be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break up on 20 pieces as you see in the documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the sensation of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing up .
A month later , I was on a head of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- -- still , and I shout , I 'd cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason of being in the world .
At that point I understood that by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
For everything , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I gave myself a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave up another gift , which was the chance to look at the future and go back and live differently .
You 're flying at today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing on your plane -- and please not be like this -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What do they do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would their relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents that can be ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing that I worked on was this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry in your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , graffiti is something we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to be to enter Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and I met her brother and father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and he is able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , do n't you have seen Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're a big person and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did you look at the movie `` <unk> and butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- you 're making it with your finger .
I said , `` That is archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again . ''
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who has so much inside their inner ca n't communicate . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , you draw about it and that negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
They first start with sexual organs , then the bad words , then the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of a way to move things from one side to another , we had made a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of insurance companies , and we got a machine that <unk> could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's about the most fun , I call it <unk> because he 's talking to the guy , he gets an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't play it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife and I , the kids , and I moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> and took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we were doing something totally stupid , and that when we had the squares from the walls , and instead would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping ride , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the shipping ride in Venice , some copper wire and the Radio Shack and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it up on a light of LED light , and now there 's a device that is free , and we published the code that we published the software is low for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say no .
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much to you that was awesome .
So , at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , the high school sessions , Tony came to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of your life , and it 's looking through the support system of your life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot outside the hospital .
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to take over the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing for seven years .
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and pull me out of it so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our cry of war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a program .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are doing money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 's best inventions , and was really cool .
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up close to the <unk> is that in April of this year , in April of this year at the center of Los Angeles at the center of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art at <unk> . ''
And Art in the <unk> is going to have the best <unk> of urban art <unk> , <unk> <unk> , all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone -- nothing was possible at some point .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with no eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I 'm going to get myself with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want we all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in general situations , and at the same time , very much dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous .
There in the areas of war -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , which is hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been tracking myself in situations in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that completely attractive , interesting things , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that looked like amusing and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I was coming here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and patronage , I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So , some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took an announcement to <unk> .
And I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered to sell the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
And what was the following : `` You know , I 'm going to show you this <unk> , you know , my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and the content that it 's about , especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company .
But saying this , it 's a very good media opportunity .
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a progress degree , by the way .
So even with that agent , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't have been told to tell you .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we tested the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've gotten into horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be done , nothing could be done , for something that hard or as dangerous as they could go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tried to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all film has been funded by products , marketing , advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold '' is that everything above the bottom , in beginning to end , has images , all the time , from the <unk> that comes in before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> mainland , the <unk> Center .
These people were <unk> to the film in perpetuity .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's true .
I 'm one suit .
It was `` A perpetuity . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X mark on the title , but we 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe he 's a shoe , and it becomes the biggest shoe that you 've used ...
The biggest car you 've driven in `` The greatest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you drink , <unk> from `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then to show the brands as part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Doing the film ? ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The whole goal of film is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help you make it happen .
Robert Friedman -- you know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be that .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how to do it ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does this need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out to us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
So Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it will be a little bit of a sell , by the film , or for me ?
JK : Two things .
MS : ... it means you 're not very optimistic .
So , I need to help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what marks .
MS : Yeah .
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts off the camera , '' it meant we have a conversation outside the microphone .
The camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed , and I thought the concept of advertising , it was to present the product to as many people as possible , to make as many people look at it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the landscape of the separate media , is not the idea with that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this one .
Actually no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you 're looking for <unk> images of Google , this is one of the first images that come up .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily detected -- which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line probably the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians the name , the president , the <unk> , even the CEOs of the CEO .
But suddenly when it comes to doing something , it suddenly changes .
But why ? Well , transparency day fear -- like that weird bear that still follows .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is that risky ?
I 've got an entire <unk> , <unk> bowl .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> .
We want to tell a story , but they tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father was reminded me in a lie -- and there he is staring at me as he was saying , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because he knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the proxy and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to see is a little bit of a sudden -- and what I started to give me is that when you start talking with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films and others who make small films , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood movies , they say the reason their films have so successful because of the brands associated with them .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically Ban Ki-moon .
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant Ki-moon .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you for you .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there was one of these fabulous <unk> .
<unk> <unk> as `` Paradise <unk> , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have as a man for a woman -- solid , to <unk> , in bar , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the smallest type of film that we 're doing ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that we have other marks .
So to do things like that , you know , to remind participation for people is why we 're interested in .
MS : What is the words you would use to describe to it to describe to me ?
It 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : Big tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we hold you fresh time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those which highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , and people like me , to the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk ' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : A unique thing . ( MS : One unique ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray mold things like that .
And I usually carry on as sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand like a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call them casual .
Woman 2 : In part hippie , in part <unk> , in part <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because making the stock .
Man 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we can not all be a brand of Tom , but I 'm often stuck at the intersection of the dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality .
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , incentive to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they certainly could do it for me .
<unk> : Did the photos go , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A bit : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people fashion my way to see the world .
A : Tell me of that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people who surrounds you , your friends , your family , the way you live , the work you do .
All those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case come back and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I wanted to be .
I like things different .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , what is it for us ?
What 's the machete ? What <unk> are you looking at now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What 's the red one ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... a little more of you , which is not who you are .
What about other <unk> you 've had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of madness on all this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , the brand Morgan brand is a <unk> brand .
They got very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I believe that some companies will only be embedded in one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to be -- and it 's the <unk> nature of avoiding the things that are not secure ; they 're going to avoid fear , those elements , and you actually take them to sink and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other marks are that ?
The first here is classic , Apple .
And you can also see here by Target and Wii , <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands conscious , those things that have gone and coming , but a <unk> brand is something pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to write your own identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom up ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a top-down attribute ?
slightly quieter , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful being playful , like Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold , like <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , dominant magic or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you rather than a downward attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you going to be established , traditional , provider , protector ? Can you identify Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , trustworthy , trustworthy , tremor , or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies and bottom-up and descending grounds that said no , they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how we 're using the MRI centers to identify the centers of desire in the brain , both for commercial marketing , like movies .
We went to St. Paulo where they 've banned advertising outdoors .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no posters , there 's nothing <unk> , nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are getting into the schools with money problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the greatest answer or where I 've been more successful , where I 've been interacting with things directly .
And that 's what these marks .
They went to the intermediaries , they took into their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to do to people , who are going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we have had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers only a period of two weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not publishable .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win .
And it 's not wrong because most of the agencies we 're talking about to help their customers not be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that at those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , it 's pushing the failure .
I think when you train their employees at the risk they 're preparing their own company to be a lack of rewards .
I feel like what 's going to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take the risk .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we have to turn to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
Tell us the fear . Let 's get the risk .
From a <unk> at the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Today more than ever is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my <unk> talk , `` <unk> , '' has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who had gotten the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data at great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket I have a check from the organization 's organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars for dollars to be applied to my future year .
The idea behind the computer computers is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a cash virus for Windows on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows Windows .
The <unk> go into the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started looking at Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they had very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat that he did n't like our cheese : the wave , but he did n't want to eat .
It made no sense for me .
And after experiment with different flavors , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run run .
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific setup , and even if the program is trying to infect it is actually working on that place .
If not , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say , for example , an energy plant in America , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Maybe I 'd get the goal soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the code of attack , and we found out that I was structured for two digital bombs : a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were very armed armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information .
Let 's get all the points to attack .
You probably know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard the <unk> of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like old hardware .
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the system into the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we tried to <unk> them with the real world with real world potential .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember , that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections have been hacked .
They do n't find a lot of thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and to the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's put a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and consulted them in an effort to marry their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that part of the mobile part of the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the attack goal was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to make the nest engineers so they could n't solve this very quickly .
And we tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
So I started investigating scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And he got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called the stages .
And guess what about the code of attack ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had with hands .
So I did n't have no misunderstanding .
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> , and we had to go back and start .
Even so , we found that both digital warheads would be used to one and a goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall and making the roadable and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating a valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other targets are going to be <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , it really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example , from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running for attack , with fake entry data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during robbery , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
That 's cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> to the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to make a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the large steam turbine goes on speed , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can make bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And the <unk> and the security system will notice it .
That scares .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This is a generic attack .
It has nothing to do , specifically with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a power plant , or a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology to <unk> it .
It would be more possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to face the consequences , and better than we 're starting to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been done in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken , and that gives you <unk> skills , or other than making users of wheelchair hands and raise them .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not anything different than something that 's put in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and helps you , for example , to handle balance .
It 's actually the actual integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connected it to the universe and other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on the back of his back a 45 pounds , and it 's being committed to bring even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injuries on the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the water damage .
So we decided to consider this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to <unk> -- or <unk> <unk> human human .
Soldier : With <unk> exoskeleton : With <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos for variable land for many hours .
Its flexible design , allowing you to wear a lot to crawl and run with a lot of <unk> .
So what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the hands of the wheelchair users , which I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people in a way , in wheelchair chairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens with frequency , very young people , with the spinal cord that when they start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years -- bumping up in a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We 're also talking about the population that you 're aging at very quickly .
His only option , many times -- for a brain injury or any other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from their successfully emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> , which is using Amanda <unk> who was using Amanda <unk> who had an injury in the spinal column , and as a result could n't walk back 19 years , until now .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It was completely <unk> on the crutches that they send signals on board on board , here on the back .
And also here , there 's a lot of batteries that give energy to the hip , and on the knees , and they make it progress with this soft , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger in the air , skiing down on the downhill was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost every feeling and all the movement of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor came into my hospital in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So I stole the last little bit of hope of hope for me .
The <unk> technology since then , has enabled me to learn how to pump it up in <unk> , climb rocks and even riding a bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that lets me walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talking to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change generations to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the wheelchair users , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where play is serious .
No , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet his cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much focused on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of females .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence is still yet observed .
But unfortunately , bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforests , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost so many deaths as the First World War .
It 's no wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo .
The meat of hunting and deforestation are making it that you ca n't fill in , and a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , on this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter , you know , hidden down the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the `` <unk> '' like apes , not the war , because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solving social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a kid 's game .
For us , the game is critical to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
We learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , the very evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of <unk> videos that are just taken from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo <unk> game ; and I 'm not talking about soccer .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a young man .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` He 's got it on the balls . ''
I just believe that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual game is common as much as in humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video really is interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing things unusual to the game -- like <unk> , and also how play requires trust , and it encourages trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take many ways , some of which are most overlooked , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is going to be .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water who is playing with .
I think , as she , sometimes we 're playing alone , and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world to greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> .
To adapt to a world , we have to play .
But do we want the maximum our ability to play ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems to be the least appropriate playing , it can be the most urgent moments .
That 's why , fellow primates , let us take this gift of evolution and play together as <unk> creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> <unk> as a captain of the captain in a volunteer fire body .
And in our city , where volunteers , you know , they have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that I certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the middle night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in your pajamas and she was on a burning house .
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain and he asked him to go into the dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> <unk> .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , would have to tell the people that went into a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to get between home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and give this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went down the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> fire , ' which at that height , the more or less they had finished off the fire and went into the main room looking for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my charge back the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the front door .
We got out of the house the treasures for the house owner where , as I was waiting , his treasure received a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner , by the brave effort to save her home .
The kindness she was looking at on the other thing was that somebody had been reached even a pair of shoes .
And so much in my calling on Robin Hood , like my calling as a volunteer fireman I 'm witness to acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or are going to be able to achieve , the remarkable levels of success , I would like to remind you : not wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to go .
We ate food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the chance to save someone 's life , but each day we 're going to be able to influence somebody 's life .
So I trained to play ; I 'll get your shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the block of concrete .
The first concrete blocks of concrete is constructed in perpetuity with a very simple idea , <unk> <unk> that fit together each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , when they came up with this .
It was called the automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , his bricks came to every home .
It 's estimated that you 've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
superchickens made it accessible .
superchickens simply took the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks that would take us from one another to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the block block , the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I do n't personally accept that , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they get together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the pink is the <unk> , and the orange is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one , and very quickly , you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one will produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have an regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , that 's here , and now we have a light on it .
We added this buzzer to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , it allows us to program using very simple gestures .
To make an blink faster or slower , just turn this button to be faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a single collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to get together to buy a little bit ready to use .
Voice 2 : It sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how this light works , or why the door of an elevator gets open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to <unk> design schools .
So for example , designers without an online experience start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> by creating ...
( noise noise ) A few weeks ago we took <unk> to the Rhode Island School of Design , who do n't have some experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a cannon cannon , turned out .
But wait , here comes my favorite project .
It 's a locust that dough is made from the dark .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be within reach of all .
So it 's got open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the design files and make them back .
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about discoveries today .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company , I can get involved with the environment to focus on .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to charge .
We can do better , we can continue the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , you know , I 've already term the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians for a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative is called `` The United States for America '' and it would be like <unk> Peace .
They were going to add some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to Third World , we send the wild the city world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the city employees .
Your task is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
I have to meet you .
This is a fire hydrant .
Here 's what it looks like if I looked at a quote , but what he really looks for is that someone clean up when it 's stuck in the snow , because he knows that it 's not very good by turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did he ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at the time they were a long year .
They realized that the city was never wiped out these hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with shovels in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean up when you shake .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case , put it in this case .
If you do n't do it , somebody can get it .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21st applications that last year .
But it does something that no other technology of government does .
And it spreads on viral form .
A responsible for systems of Honolulu City to look at this application realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to take <unk> from tsunami .
It 's very important to work these <unk> of tsunami , but people are stolen .
That 's why he tells citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens <unk> blindfolded .
And Chicago is just throwing it out to get people in their face to clean up sidewalks when they did .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread without friction , in an organic and natural way .
If you know a little bit about government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software typically takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that they had done by normal channels , they would have taken at least two years and over two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial power of California that the moment has two billion dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that shows in a couple of days and <unk> spreads is a kind of warning of warning for the institution of government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not like a technological company , but rather as the Internet itself .
I mean , without constraints , in an open way and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out we 're very good at collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy together .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
Not given up with the government .
They feel a big frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost .
And that 's that if we leave the feelings about politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all those other things that make us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to get it to it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does n't change .
And because the government in the last instance grows from us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way we think about it will affect the way that it will produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people who deals with charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , above all , about <unk> .
This is the healthcare center of services and information .
It 's the place that the phone calls if you have a shot mark in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He started `` <unk> '' at the base of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put music really strong and see if you go ? ''
It worked . So Scott 's .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't get that app .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New York City in Boston .
One day , this really happened , it comes to this order : `` I 'm going to show you in my bucket of trash . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that to leave you ? ''
The <unk> de <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about people .
In <unk> <unk> . ' It 's all public , so you all see this .
In this case , a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached the place , I found the cube of garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yeah .
He turned around the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet night . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get bored and help others .
So , one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role .
It connected to the two people .
And it could be connected with government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , we 'll bring up the communities .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the input of the other .
That our input to the government system is voting .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government <unk> our values and strikes our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is a huge , huge ocean , and the politics is the <unk> surface .
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that holds us with that that belongs to us as something that 's operating in our against , that other thing , and then we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make <unk> bureaucracy .
Because that 's where the real government is happening .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that have written a very detailed from 325 pages in response to the <unk> project on the financial reform project .
That is not political activism ; it 's activism .
And so that we have resigned to the government , it 's time to ask the question of what the world we want to leave our children .
You have to see huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that you can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the government function so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not that hard to act on <unk> , and it 's just to articulate the systems in the right way .
The age of the age of our members is 28 years , so I 'm 28 , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; everyone will talk .
You can express your opinions at any channel at the same time and you do it .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't really care about their voices .
They 're using the hands .
They bring hands to work to program applications that make the government better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking off weeds and dumping a bucket of trash that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we are not only the government 's consumers and we get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't restore citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things we have to do together , all together , will we be a crowd of voices , or also we 'll be a swarm of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in communities marginalized , in projects and places where there are lots of despair .
And I 'm here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've ever noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are telling you here have impact on everybody .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't otherwise otherwise .
I mean , it 's because I think identity is really important .
So here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make sense , but if they teach yourself , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can make a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of U.S. African family family by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in every discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia on 1840 .
She was born in the 1880s , and his experience with slavery was the way I saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a kid and I looked at her , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so strong that I barely could breathe , and then I would get bored .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at it , I was approaching , and I was like , `` You know , I still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'm grabs it again , and if I said yes , I was allowed to peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of the 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to get his time and her attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room , and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
And then he looked at her and she smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me from my hand , and he said , `` You see <unk> . The two will talk to me . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` Let me tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` All right , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's forget that you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I will never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to show me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want to do is we always want your mother . ''
He said , `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want to tell you is that you 're always going to do the right thing , even though the right thing is . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural rural . I have a brother one year and a sister was a younger year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he got it , grabbed my sister and me and left for the forest .
We just just got to do this forever .
He took a sip of beer , gave my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no , no . All right . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today you will . And you 're always doing the same thing as we do .
I had something , your sister too . Find a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can go . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What 's wrong ? Take a beer . ''
I went and went and went , `` Ah , not to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't mean this thinking it 's a virtue ; I 'm saying it because of the power that she has identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to everybody else that they do n't really see it .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't think we can do .
I think my grandmother believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died from <unk> diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we should commit to it .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is now very different than what was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , they had 300,000 prisoners .
Today , there 's 2.3 million .
We have the highest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people on probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor or black communities , they find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One out of three black men between 18 and 30 is in prison or <unk> .
In urban towns around the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in the color are in jail or probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is <unk> .
And it seems to us that we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
It seems interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , they would have been charged by rights if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we toss it to the next 10 years , the level of losing rights will be as high as it was before we passed the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my customers are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where they 're 13 years old to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , no possibility of coming out .
Right now , we 're in some litigation .
The only country in the world .
Let 's invite people in the death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
Now , in some sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think differently about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death row in America is defined by error .
In every nine people in executed , it 's identified one that is innocent that is <unk> and released from death row .
A rate of error , amazing .
This is interesting .
aviation would not allow you to never fly airplanes , if every nine to take off , you would have crashing .
But somehow we cut out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our charge .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this business of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classroom with students on African-American history , I 'm talking to you about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted until World War II .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was kind of defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what defined its lives .
Now there are now people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teaches talks , you make speeches , you 're asking people to stop saying that in our history we deal with for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial subordination and separation of separation .
In this country we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood the significance of what we 've done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races , and I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome apartheid without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stopped after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : We do n't have a death row in Germany .
We certainly will never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that we have our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational to us that we , intentional and deliberately , we started to run people . ''
You 're going to show you about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we actually do n't care about these issues that are so difficult , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It 's <unk> creativity .
We love the entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , the degradation , the <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both things .
lately we talked about the need to make more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones who never come to TED .
Think about them , in a way , something that is inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe that we have n't seen .
So , in spite of being so rational , so engaged with the intellectual .
With innovation , creativity . developing is not just brain ideas .
These things come from profit as well as the heart convictions .
This connection from the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and dazzling , but also the dark and the hard thing .
Realizing <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , orientation orientation for the spirit , a will to be in sites of despair and self . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , that still in communities like TED , has to commit us .
There is no <unk> disconnect with technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more identity than if we ignore these things .
So we go back to it .
I had the big privilege , being a very young lawyer , meeting Rosa Parks .
These women were getting together to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the Parks lady . We 're going to get together to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yeah . I want you . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I went , and I just listened to it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And then I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , let me tell you that it 's the idea of justice equal .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly .
We try to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up with life sentences , without parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We 're trying to reduce the population in prisons .
We try to stop <unk> . ''
And I gave all my best speech , and when I finished and looked at me , and he said , `` Well , um , um '' .
And he added , he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Mrs. <unk> , leaned up , got my finger into the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I believe that the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to tackle those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst thing we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't own it , it 's not a thief .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That is not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , it 's very stimulating , very exhilarating , you do n't judge ourselves by our technology , by our designs , by our intellectual or rational capacity .
They ultimately judge the character of a society , not because of the way rich , powerful and privileged people , but because of the way poor people treat , people are doomed to them .
Because it is in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories of a major way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been sentenced to much toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> so that they were <unk> .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what is not ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something that you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a little , black , black .
I started working on <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` <unk> , so that my 14-year-old client was treated as a Higgs target , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put that there had been improper behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country , no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking about this silly man would be a dream , or did I really write ?
For my horror , not only had it been <unk> , it was sent to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to the court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I was in the court to court .
I thought this would be very very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got out of the car . I walked to court .
I was climbing the stairs when I found myself with a bigger black man ; I was a court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' He said yes .
And then I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
It connected deeply with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences .
When I arrived , the judge saw me saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 've got this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , Mr. <unk> . '' And we started discussing .
People started to get . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written these crazy crazy things .
They got the police prosecutors , stability .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , everybody infuriated because we were talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I was going to look at the concierge I was going and came .
I would look at the window and let them hear all that <unk> .
I 'm going to walk over here and there .
Finally , this old black , face-to-face face , walked in the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge releases a break .
And so on the break a sheriff 's assistant was upset , because the superintendent had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> on the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audiences of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I go into this room of audiences to tell this young man who keeps his view in the aim of <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds to justice .
That we can not be truly human beings whether we do n't care about human rights and for the dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of you here who share this , I just want to tell you to keep your view in the aim of it .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire in the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities close to .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which an effort is going to be done to fund the funding that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the murder cases did not be <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't come to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decrease in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to those who believe that it is ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population emerges .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life to life , to steal a bicycle , for little crimes against property , instead of making them to put those resources into their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment is nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've excited us today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for coming to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : <unk> the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> three : Police throwing gas O.C . spray .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> six : <unk> , <unk> <unk> : 65 died .
<unk> eight : <unk> of tsunami , <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : <unk> destruction . <unk> massive destruction .
Recession : <unk> . <unk> , Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : This is just some of the clips that I got over the last six months : <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media means <unk> bad news , because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second day , our senses are getting a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And nothing really matters to survive , the first stop of all of that data is an old piece of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the endangered danger .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So from a <unk> of stories , we 'll look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , sell , '' it 's very true .
And since all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder we are pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is wrong .
But maybe not it .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create an abundance of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good issues : climate change , the extinction extinction , water scarcity and energy ; we have no doubt .
As human beings , we 're very good at solving the problems and , in the long , we 've just done with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average per capita income has tripled in the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
Many people forget it .
And we continue to get higher expectations more and higher .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television conditioning , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> on the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of the technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology , jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , depression and booming .
It 's the high-speed computers that are used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's stuck on a law on the left , it goes up and up .
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster .
And on this curve , unlike Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The cloud in Autodesk , that my friends from Autodesk , call infinite computing and sensors and networks , 3D printing and maintaining personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and A.I . .
I mean , how many you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' on Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline than there was .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
It 's not an easy game .
Play with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve great challenges of humanity .
And every year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon Three in the middle of the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner with the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops were eating with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with covered in aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
So that 's why the tip of the Lascaux to Washington is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is <unk> percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then there was the <unk> and made the aluminum and made the aluminum thing so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's bring this analogy into the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> energy every 88 .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated of the generated by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour , compared to 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
Remember when Carl Sagan has pointed the Voyager Voyager spacecraft , in 1990 , after country , Saturn ?
So she brought up a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of it is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 20 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I got permission to do that -- his technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any source , saltwater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coke just thought he 'll make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have full confidence that this is like , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an innovation that 's going on by this technology that there is today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration penetration in the developing world in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan was 25 years ago .
And from counting with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of <unk> information and communications that no one could have predicted .
Well , better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens of thousands of dollars <unk> , video , images , libraries and music , libraries and music , <unk> technology , now <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes to when you show health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , something called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the equipment in the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they 're talking about , and because it 's AI , you can coughing , you can get out blood from your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there 's no medical doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device is attached to an RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognize it , I 'll call the bottom of the health and , first of all , will prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just passed the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection of the population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , it will move from two billion to five billion of the Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard before the global conversation .
What do these people want to do ?
What <unk> ? What would you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And more health thanks to <unk> , from a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D prints and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can they provide with three more more members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive ?
What about a voice never before heard ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What are these 3,000 billion ?
What if these are contributions we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that could n't only make the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really got me really excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
It was at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 're played with college professors , each other .
And then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started to play it .
And it has shown that today the pattern of recognition machinery is better in folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take large challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator of <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we were going to get together to work on the solution of great challenges and do what we should do .
We have some extraordinary decades ahead of us .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they thought he 'd next finches , but it did n't .
You can actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught a lot to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story a lot of times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they continue intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot to the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from the mangroves .
There was a couple of 20 centimeters , <unk> black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good time , so he was earning more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years after the amount of fish had halved .
I 'm going to go to five centimeters .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And fish are still happy to be there .
So , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s -- well , it started in <unk> Europe did a lot of development projects .
fishing development was imposing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> the industrial fishery .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called the <unk> 4 .
I went out fishing in him , and we did studies in the southern Sea Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we saw there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on some remains , and remains of remains of coral reefs .
In short , the bottom of the sea came on the deck and then it was <unk> .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid fund of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They 'll miss it because they were dead .
Once we captured a living .
I was still not anymore .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what 's collected the fishermen every time you go to an area where you have never fish .
But we do n't have documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
So , you get the point of starting , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this , something like this happens .
On the axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . Changes because people do things naturally .
Every generation will use the images , you know , received it at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal , and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the experience of changes .
And at the end , I 'll keep some miserable remains .
And that , in large , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies kill animals without knowing what they 've done until about generations later .
Because obviously an animal that is very abundant , before extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose <unk> animals .
You lose <unk> animals .
Even if this does n't look like a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become common because the <unk> .
Over time there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect that to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you present , as the captain such such as a lot of that , and I looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually not use the scientists ' scientists , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Out of the huge role that you can fulfill a protected marine area .
Because with the protected marine areas , we actually recreated the past .
So you 've spent the past that people ca n't conceive because the point of departure has been run and is extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area , and they can benefit from the vision that allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the Middle Middle people , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and movies , you can fill in the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think of `` Avatar , '' if you think why people were being moved with the movie -- I 'm going to talk about the history of <unk> , why do we reflect on the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation is , the only one to give , is Cameron , making `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube status manager , and I look at YouTube videos in professional form .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see now why videos are made viral , and what importance is that .
We all want to be stars , celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed a very , very difficult thing .
But today , web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be asked on the Internet in a <unk> .
They climb over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , from those , only a small percentage goes viral , he gets countless views and gains cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> , communities of trends , community of surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> ran this video out of his house in National National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the popular rise of popular summer .
He was not putting a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Chinese Mountain <unk> .
I had posted a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet , to popularity the popularity .
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmel is present to us , new and interesting things , and bringing them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , on Friday , you want to get the weekend , the weekend . You want to get on Friday -- KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> , '' Black Rebecca is one of the most popular video of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` Arc doubles double '' -- this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took him <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to do a joke about the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of <unk> will take a point of view and share with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the one-way 20th century , this communal participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon of <unk> or doing something new .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours that 's been seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody had a version of the old one .
And then he became international .
Suddenly , a whole community , a remix community that made this happen to be a stupid joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like that ?
Who might have predicted <unk> double <unk> or Rebecca <unk> or `` <unk> Cat ? ''
What does script might have been written by this ?
In a world where two days of video go up a minute , just that really unique and unexpected can make it happen in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who 's a protest with a <unk> protest in New York , I admit I was n't interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I 've got a ticket for not <unk> for the <unk> , but there are often obstacles that get you out properly for the <unk> .
KA : Thank you to surprise effect and your humor , Casey <unk> did that five million saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new approach that we do anyway .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The trend makers , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , of a new culture , where we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express their ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and it 's barely the media 's media , but it will be <unk> entertainment .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still building up .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique unit of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine , while the communist communist , the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long friends , they were making fun .
It was <unk> in silence .
She died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next puzzle part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn , <unk> it into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been destined for a task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> yards , it challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea , dressed up from fishing vessel .
Everybody knew the risks .
The greatest fear were the pirates , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother was wearing a little bit of poison .
If we could catch up , first we 'd take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the <unk> diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to break up for six hours .
But I remember the lights of the oil shelf in front of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , closing the trip was too much for him , and the first block I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had the same flavor .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations leading to a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , and a suburb of working class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the snippets of English was traded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in I.T . technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and a math tutoring on English and mathematics , would n't matter what was supposed to be removed , which was usually new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were <unk> <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> eye and some graffiti : `` Asians , come back home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to get you . ''
My mother , my sister and I went into the same bed .
My mother was detained every night , but we told us about our day and listening to our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to make it happen .
She opened a computer shop , and then he studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student , relentless with what 's taken from myself .
In the other , I was very disturbed in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But a lot of them got help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year , I was elected by a young Australian young year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but his edges did n't fit .
So she wrote him up , an anonymous resident in <unk> , was now as long as he read , refugee and social activist invited to speak in places that I 'd never heard , and in houses that she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how covered it .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters , the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom who could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was at the same age that she had when we got on the boat .
The `` Not '' had never been an option .
`` Go , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the fighters .
And the more frankly I talked about , the more it was filed to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of the possible .
And even though I finished my bachelor , I realized I could n't stay at a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that is okay to be a stranger , a newly coming , new scene on the scene -- and not just that it 's fine , but it 's something to be grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being in it can easily mean to accommodate the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my happy place to know that , yes , the world breaks , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that had n't been declassified , tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a weird mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
It 's going to be a small group of people who the slogan `` ca n't do '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , I was doing a giant soup of soup that we all shared .
They 're going to go right at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
after one trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> person was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up .
The 17 became <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without their husband 's support , he caused an uproar by the <unk> and he would bring the cause herself , and a lot more <unk> caused it when he won .
He ca n't be wrong with it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , a thousand miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to say goodbye .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around her coffin .
We tell them stories , and we make sure we were still with her .
At night , a monk came up and said he had to close her coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked a monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have <unk> them easily .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the boat .
Who might want to do that for itself ?
However , I 'm afraid of the easy , of the right .
I can give you a <unk> in your life , diving brave at each wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that 's not guaranteed to do anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> a couple of years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian Banks `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when Indians , we wanted to travel to a car and drop the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
So at that time , when he <unk> , the great Indian warrior , was thirsty , he had an arch , and he threw on the floor , he got water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced with magic .
And that was a big deal to me .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I 'm going to give you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed like the technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child my grandfather gave me his silver lining in my pocket .
And this piece of 50 years was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks , and the cameras get that <unk> .
Let us define our inspiration .
So , I launched this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of kill her .
<unk> books since I was 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
We put text together with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes more and more <unk> .
So what does that deal with ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for the iPad .
It says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so ... He says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
In several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through GPS -- that comes run to me .
My inner little girl gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I 'm not talking about magicians and dragons , but that <unk> of childhood , to those ideas that we 're having children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually , they light up your way in which the book subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was that a whole <unk> galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book , and every world becomes a <unk> that I move to this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all of the usual book , there have always been the maps , but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it 's also revealed .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another important aspect to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary of contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of <unk> and <unk> , but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the rainy cameras for millennia , in an old and <unk> book .
So we 're bringing them back in a contemporary history .
In a story that 's about today 's issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that the kids have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have not left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks , toxins and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it anymore .
So , in order to recover this <unk> of childhood , you have to go out and , in chapter , you name a picture of a flower to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London put a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A kid in India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this sort of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been gone .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we have to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad , and the video turned on , and through augmented reality , he sees a group of animated <unk> that appear on the inner plants of the house .
And then the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> them to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature is <unk> with technology and magic and technology , and the technology comes to each other .
Let 's bring the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world , and that magic , joy and love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many <unk> projects .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things that we did at university University was brought to a director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a small cup of coffee or you asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think about , that this is one of the biggest problems that you all , or not all , but most of the <unk> projects fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my <unk> scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a headrest on and off .
Every morning I climb up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect it , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him too . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs to be able to support him or some urgency from that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my <unk> scale , and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me , `` <unk> , I think you need a <unk> lunch . ''
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can lead to the people in their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
And from the next week , it 's going to be available .
This little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they will recover control of their own boat , but it can also help us to be the health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of attention and <unk> care costs and other topics .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did like share with you with a video .
We all have sailing checks in cars .
Maybe we even get into our phones .
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves a lives right now .
What we did was we do crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that : If you look at a <unk> , please <unk> , <unk> where , and when it 's open , because sometimes open into office times and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were actually presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next few weeks to use their Microsoft 's cell phone to find the nearest <unk> , what can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to take it globally .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and somebody crash , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And also , I 'd like to invite companies all over the world who could help us pursue this .
They could be messaging services or <unk> people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not only improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share personally .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that they ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
And it mixed with my previous passion , but it was a little bit different , because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the <unk> presses .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the <unk> .
Photos like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has a unexpected twist .
And , despite that , it holds a level of realism .
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the time , but with the common goal of keeping sense of the realism level .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can do but I always want it to seem to be captured in some ways as a photograph .
When you have to think about a moment to figure out the trick .
It has more to be able to capture an idea that with catching a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Would you light up the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world , and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable , which we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in some ways you can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like , I think , that they do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something looks wrong .
So I would like to say there are three simple rules that are going to go to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective .
Second , the pictures combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images actually play with these requirements , and they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
So , you might think this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of photographs of different places .
Now , I think , I think it 's easier to create a place that I find it because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in winter I knew I had several months to try and find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made the house from the top of the island to look more sophisticated .
So to achieve a realistic outcome , I think it takes planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job by taking the pictures , the outcome can be very beautiful and at the very same time .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
Let me start showing a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram anybody took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in just showing you the details , but the general look .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of rigid microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as a lot of others we usually see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , each step here is an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
So here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because I 'm writing about paper .
Why is we plot technology curves at <unk> ?
The answer is that if you draw them on a normal curve in which , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to draw on , the diagram would look ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this is , it gives quantum change .
If our transportation technology <unk> as fast as this microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move at that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development , which every few years upward orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't keep forever .
It 's not possible to hold this shift as fast as it goes .
It would be one of two things .
Or it 's good to turn into a typical curved curve , like this until you get something completely differently , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So , we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what the world used to be , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask about , and wonder , is it , what is that new way to take the world ?
How new is the world going to be ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember a child was going to happen in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has been shrink , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something 's happening .
And we can feel it .
And we know it does n't make sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all going to be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way I understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things .
The scale of time where I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at each one billion years .
So , we go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that we 're going to get around .
If we look at the way these chemicals are organized , we give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , it 's floating through some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical prescriptions inside it .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring into the outside of the outside .
And they started split .
In some sense , those were the most primitive , primitive forms , those oil droplet .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you split an unequal distribution of chemicals that held in .
So every drop was slightly different .
In fact , drops that we somehow became better at the time of bringing the chemicals around ; they were growing more and more chemicals and more divided .
They usually lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well these guys learned to store information .
They learned to maintain information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I got 100 white dust . white dust , I try to hide from the airport safety .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and <unk> 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants to want 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them for everyone in this room -- in fact , for every single person in the world , and it 's here .
If you were a <unk> , you would have put it in a virus , and you would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
The DNA was an interesting step .
This is made these cells happy , a billion years ago .
But then another big step happened in which things were going to be very different , and it was that these cells started sharing and communicating information forming that communities of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can swap DNA .
So , for example , it evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they would take them to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to communities in a way , in a way , they were together , and there was a synergy .
So they survived or failed together , whether it was that if a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community would say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up with so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write all the recipe from the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next little interesting stage for life took another one billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't stand alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or your muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and became more interesting than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened in these communities .
These people started sending them together .
And to build very special structures that they did n't do more than process in community .
They are the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they started specialize within community being responsible to record and understand and convey information .
Those were the brains and nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that point as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the period of evolutionary time .
So one organism could , for example , to learn not to eat some fruits because he knew bad and sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen in the life of an organism because previously these <unk> information structures would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of the individuals that ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures accelerated to the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now confined to an individual .
It could happen in time necessary to learn .
But then of course , the individuals found the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version that we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here sitting here , and hopefully , building a similar idea , vague and fuzzy , in your head that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we turned it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now lets us start to work as an organism .
In fact , like humanity , we 've started doing abstractions .
Now we 've spent periods of periods of the multicellular organisms ; we abstract our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computing tape , the CD-ROM , so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we were doing before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the <unk> evolutionary <unk> that produced some evolution with the <unk> program in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of history that I told you took about a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The following , etc. , they took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process goes back back ; I suppose it 's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is self-fulfilling .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for the design would n't be possible without the mainstream .
But now design objects of complexity that would be impossible for me to engineer them .
I do n't know that every transistor is in that connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that was previously not possible , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million instruction sequences ?
You could run these instructions at random , run all those programs , and take the ones that are more likely to get to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order a number of numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are most approaching about numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely to have random instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , fortunately , could find two numbers on the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task better ? ''
They 're going to get them to the rest of them .
And now I 'm going to tell you the ones that best ordered numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following an analog to Sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which would be <unk> , and that the kids would have the properties of both software .
So we got a new generation of programs that are produced from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please , do this . ''
Let 's zoom in again .
We 'll give up some mutations .
And it tries to do again , and he tries to bring it up with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a nutshell .
In the end , we ended up with programs that orders numbers in absolutely perfect .
They 're actually much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they make it .
In fact , I know , I have the security of the goal , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
Once you go in a 747 with Minsky Minsky 's on a 747 , you get a card and you say , `` Look at this .
It says , `` An airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer safe flight . ' Does n't make you feel comfortable ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started relying on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than it produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole options there .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use those programs a lot faster , and so we can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it 's going back .
The thing goes faster and faster , and that 's why I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed back to you .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analogous moment to the aging organisms when they went multicellular .
We are amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we are creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of creating whatever it will come .
But now you get lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I was scared .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've done enough time to afford to give up part of my fake prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , we 're approaching the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go `` <unk> rules , '' talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a C that <unk> 300 .
That means <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught up , and anyone who tried to throw it out to the first base , does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts in 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> of <unk> in the Great <unk> ?
Well , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's someone that 's 10 strokes , they get four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the League of <unk> held <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to show this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have <unk> , and you 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a remote place and a dear to have two <unk> coronary arteries , and his family doctor derived to a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's very dramatically improving this year .
The hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think that is the average of the hits of a heart and orthopedic surgeon , from a nurse or <unk> <unk> ?
A thousand , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a doctor .
What we do , however , is send them to the world , and I include myself , with the mandate to be perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right .
That was the message that I was going to tell you when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian League studied until a blood test .
It 's like that .
I 'm going to get into my little <unk> , in the residence of nurses at General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching out of every artery that comes out of their aorta , <unk> differential diagnosis and the usual .
And they even knew the differential diagnosis of how to classify the <unk> <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was fine ; I graduated with honor .
And they <unk> out of medical school with the impression that if you 're going all , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to the whole thing , because I 'm making mistakes of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a college hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady <unk> into the emergency room where I worked .
At that time , I was given a cardiology given to the cardiology of cardiology .
And when I was requested to go to a cardiologist , I got to attend to that patient .
He will inform the chief resident .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was <unk> .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a sound <unk> on both sides , which was struck by a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and , instead of pump the blood forward , blood goes to the lungs , they 're filled with blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on treatment I would give him .
And I gave him aspirin and medication to ease the pressure on its heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt pretty good .
And there it was when I made the first mistake ; he sent him home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the boss of residents .
I did n't get on the phone and did n't do what I should have done , which was to call my boss and get him with him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to give rid of it .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who will pay attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take care , I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
He was n't paying for a voice in my hometown , and he said , `` Goldman Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure , I was so unsure that I was taking care of the nurse 's lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think being right . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I kept on my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that time , I did something I do n't normally do .
I went home for the emergency emergency service .
And there 's another nurse , not I was taking care of the <unk> lady before , but another one , he told me three words , those three words that most of the medical doctors fear .
Other specialists fear them as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients <unk> .
The three words are , does it remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour of having arrived at home , after I gave him the high , suffered a crash and his family called 911 ; the ambulance <unk> brought them into emergency blood pressure by 50 millimeters of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I was barely breathing and was blue .
The emergency staff will take all their resources .
They gave them medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a artificial ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
It had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care therapy , and waiting for all of the hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that he never had to go .
He had permanent brain damage .
The family got together .
And at eight or nine days , they 'll become what was happening .
And at ninth day , they let him go . Mrs. <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of them dying .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm obsessed with it , and I experienced for the first time the shame in our medical culture , and I felt just , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we 've done was bad , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I would take things out and make sure that I did n't get confused .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send him home ?
And my worst moments : Why made a mistake such a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by little feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And on a cloudy day , the sky opened up , and finally came the sun , and I wondered if I 'd feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if we did the efforts to be perfect for not to make more mistakes , I 'm going to cease to those voices .
And that was .
I went back to work .
But it turned out .
Two years later , I was assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto , and I got to a 25 year-old man with a chest .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed up here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He <unk> him penicillin and sent it to his house .
But as he ran on the door , he kept behind her throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my <unk> , my boss asked to talk to me having a kid who was like in his office .
And I made the three words : Does it remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a chest ?
He came back and did n't have a <unk> .
It had a deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but from the upper airline , and that can cause the closing closing .
He was fortunately not passed away .
I managed antibiotics as antibiotics and recovered at a few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and I was born and I went back to work , until it happened over and over again , and again .
Twice on the same turn of the E.R . , not <unk> <unk> .
And it 's a great effort , especially to work in a hospital , because they are assisted at 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think that 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague who was looking at the patient was certain sensitivity in the lower right corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order to <unk> and asked my colleague to take a look at it .
I looked at it , and when he noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , he called the surgeon .
Both were operated and well recovered well recovered .
But every case , I devoured me .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as a lot of colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant people have been over the last five years .
Just , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how do I share this with my colleagues ?
How do you teach them this for the same mistakes ?
If I could now go to a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think about .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you will hear about other doctors 's errors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe me that he would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : the ones who make mistakes and the ones who ca n't sleep and the ones that have a bad result and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we will stay safe .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a health malpractice personnel and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Star Toronto to my show : `` White <unk> , Black Art '' -- <unk> white art .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 6,000 Canadians die by preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge will multiply every two or three years , and we did n't get rid of it .
You have sleep deprivation all all .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the patient with a chest chest , and it 's a <unk> eye , and it took breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> to contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things as usual .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't resist their symptoms always .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as they taught us , and we remove all the <unk> , the default <unk> , no one 's going to stay .
And with that , people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white art , black art , '' it 's a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . ''
And his students would be <unk> , <unk> , down your head and <unk> saliva , and they started telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
I can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know human , they accepts it , and they 're not proud of his mistakes , but he strives to learn what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people , not with the intent of getting them , but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm an redefined doctor .
I 'm human , I make mistakes .
And I 'm sorry , but I 'm effort to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what they think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose what in a week ?
I recently made a survey of over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices that he says to choose an American average , it 's about 70 a day .
Not long ago , in a research , followed by a week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks for these CEOs and the time that we 're going to make decisions about those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Now , naturally , every work included <unk> .
Half of those decisions have been nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
You know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do you test the way those decisions are driving ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing the stock of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and of some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , you 'll raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please give you a tap .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high supermarket -- at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables , and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when we took water on the tap .
I loved going to that store , but I was asked , why did I never buy anything ?
This is the shelf for olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from trees .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy be providing all these choices ? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came up every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> . This is the one .
hallway .
They had different classes .
I 'd put a post to <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
So we put out of six flavors , or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First of all , in which case people were willing to stop testing the jars ?
More people stopped when they were 24 , 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jar of cans .
Here 's the opposite effect .
So they stopped when there was 24 percent , only three percent came to buy jars .
If there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought jars .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy pencil if they were six , if they found six .
Well , you decide that you do n't buy jars , you 're probably looking at it , which is less good to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us making a lot more momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this does n't get rid of us .
Now the issue of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we look at decisions about savings for about one million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of money offers available in retirement plans for retirement , the 401 program , helping people save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had plans that went from two , to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger the number of funding used , there was less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two money , the rate of participation was 70 or more , not as high as you want .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation landed in the 1960s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , more people would be able to avoid stock or investment funds .
As soon as there was more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is the fact that we 're going to make it even when this goes against self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , but objectively they 're objectively getting better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at this massive variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar , and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can rehearse in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of strange redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales , costs the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head .
When the Golden Machine <unk> eliminated the products for no cats that are less sold , they increased 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and smaller costs .
You know , the supermarkets of today is offering 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store is offering 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it 's just <unk> , and just 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the best choices is the <unk> David <unk> show .
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded in a certain of life insurance .
Those really want to choose , give them 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if their employees ca n't tell the difference , they ca n't do their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he 'd be willing to offer people from this audience , a holiday with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to take a hand if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
Okay . Anyone who 's ready to accept supply .
Are n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , than in the second , but I can tell you that you thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it to be more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very differently , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average , when they use debit cards , when they 're using cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , who worked on <unk> . These people were in a meeting where they were <unk> into a 401 plan .
So at that meeting , we save exactly how it was used , we made a small addition .
What we added was we appeal to the staff that would think about the positive things that would be <unk> in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in the workplace of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in <unk> supermarkets , over the northeast corridor , the exhibit of magazines can contain from 331 different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish .
These are two hits of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , they give you a tap .
( Laughter ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , they give you a tap .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is completely useless .
categories must tell you something you choose , not that defines them .
You often look at this problem with these huge funds .
What are they informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer that allows them to completely <unk> .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build your car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each other .
<unk> , the outside color . I have 56 possibilities .
It engine , engine of changes , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where decisions appear .
So half of the clients are going to go from a lot of options , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , to 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're going to make a sense , the default button in every decision , this indicates that you 're overwhelmed with it : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from a lot of options , put the button by default over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options , you 're going to go there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented .
If we start easy , you learn to choose .
Even though the choice of changes , it does n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , in all ways that makes us choice .
We 're very excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
So to sum up .
I 've been talking about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options : <unk> , we eliminate strange alternatives ; they 're <unk> , and make it real ; we can handle more categories with less options ; we 're making complexity .
All these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help handle alternatives , or better , for you , to use them on your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful as a choice .
And the more careful we are in our choices better , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Eastern Germany , if you had a typewriter to write to the government .
I had to register a piece of text text sheet of the machine .
And so that the government could track the origin of texts .
If they found a written message with the wrong message , you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , how much this will make the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and print a page , that page will end up having a little yellow little dots on each page that makes a pattern that makes them own one and its printer .
That 's happening today .
And no one seems to be a lot of it .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If we see what happens in the world online , we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They are the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city in Kiev , in Ukraine .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , large amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires , `` <unk> , '' which would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Chan .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer .
America 's secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this counts had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain says , you know , his stop .
And I say that today 's more likely than any of us are a victim of a crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong in worse .
In the future , most crimes are going online .
The second group of attackers in importance is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them the protests , they motivate them , they motivate them , they motivate them .
As Anonymous as Anonymous , they have <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : the criminals who make it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous that they do to protest , and the last group is the United States who attack it .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attacking its own citizens .
<unk> is a Gold authority of the Netherlands or actually it was .
We were breaking the last fall of business , because of a <unk> .
They would take the safety of the site and integrate a <unk> .
Last week I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they found one of the leaders if they found the death of people to find death from the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die from a seizure attack ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , services , services like Gmail .
Except to intercept a foreign <unk> authority .
They would be issuing <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , we were the protesters who were rescued by the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April , and during the looting of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 100,000 euros the Egyptian government .
The company 's seat is right here .
So , the Western governments provide the tools of totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But now it 's going beyond .
It was <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems a bad thing , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry about ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's at stake .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about the freedom to control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
Are you blindly blind in any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions you 're worried about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of Nairobi Park .
These are my dad 's cows , at the bottom , and behind cows , National Park .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have fences in the South , which means that wild animals are like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
We ate our livestock .
This is one that killed at night , and so soon we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , and I felt very wrong because the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up hate lions .
People died are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from the age of six to nine , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were afraid .
But I realized that it was n't really helpful , because even he was helping lions to see the shed away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to deceive lions so they believed that I was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing does n't move , it 's always here . So it 's gone , and they killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that 's going to turn on and off the lights .
And this is a little bottle of a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load up the battery and the battery flies the electricity to the small box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes lights down .
As you can see , the <unk> <unk> out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is what lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think I 'm walking around the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never have a problem with lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood heard the idea .
One is from this grandmother .
She had killed her many animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights up .
I said yes .
And I put them up . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've set them up in seven houses in my community and they 're serving very much .
And my idea also is used by the entire Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and they 're also using it to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a fellowship for one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds .
I even took my friends to my community and we set up lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , it was just a kid in the savanna meadows and my father 's cows , and he used to see airplanes , and he said that one day would be within one day .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come on a plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to become a aviation engineer and a pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving cows from my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a grant . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working in other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA : One fence fence ?
<unk> : I know that you 've been invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : You know it once , right ?
We 're going to <unk> it on every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> anything . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we spent all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Though I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea until all changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I was never starving .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister .
That he said , `` When you put this up , the five members of the family will be left in this world , because we have n't eaten in the past two weeks .
We 're putting together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering from my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a little boy in his arms watching her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ran in North Korea in the mid-'80s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more common power cuts , everything around me was completely in dark at night except for the sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my home .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite satellite picture in North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is <unk> between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans , secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
You could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to come back together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as a refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I 'm arrested in the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , so I 'd put my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
It was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation an official said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Though it had been captured , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These Koreans did n't get so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and attack North Korea , where they are tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Even though I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all of his world can be done in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk that going into South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a huge gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country that I could call myself with pride .
Even though we were going to live in life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Just when I was starting to invite my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had led to my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside .
They had to rush away from immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went into various times .
Once , our bus was detained and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked her everybody 's identification , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese understanding , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I stood up and told me that they were <unk> people who was accompanying .
He looked at me , but he was fortunately believed to me .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after leaving the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the border illegally .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison at the distance of the South Korean embassy .
I was going and I was going to come between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man asking me , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would ask questions .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was the machine machine , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and prison .
I thank you with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you . ''
`` I 'm helping people <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown unknown is a new hope to me and for the people who were the more we needed .
And it showed me that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the silver lining that the people would have needed .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But it 's going to be the half of the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , the hands-on language of English , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue to contact with family still , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else , so they switched to the South Los Angeles , as if this is what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Just like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center to South America to bring and eat in the car .
The kicker is that places of food to kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable diseases in L.A. Center .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go out , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs with wheels and sold as a car used .
I see dialysis dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this needs to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I 've got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a land sliver we call a gardening .
It 's 45 me three feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to hold it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and we started planting our food forest , trees <unk> , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group ahead of all the backgrounds , all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and all we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city I get on top of it , and I was summary , and I was given a <unk> saying that I had to take my garden , the <unk> made it order .
And I was like , `` Come on , right ?
A criminal order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters ? '' So , I was like , `` Well , let 's try . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. was written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> Green members who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say they supported and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the United States of America with more bare land .
It 's <unk> <unk> <unk> .
That 's 20 Parks Central .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> millions of tomato plants .
Why on earth do n't you like this ?
We had a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of output .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
You get your own food , it 's like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central Center .
I grew up there . Let me get my children there .
I 'm going to become part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I 'm growing my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I 'll fly soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> from that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be your canvas .
You ca n't just imagine how amazing it 's a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative they can do , especially in a <unk> .
In addition , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came up with a mother and his daughter , were like 10:30 a.m. on the night and they were in my front yard , and they looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad guys out there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt ashamed of people who were so close to me with hunger , and this is just spreading why I do this , the people ask me , `` End , do n't you temes going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to ask your health . ''
There was another time where I put a garden in a hospital for homeless in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared his stories about how it was affected , and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come from , work and participate in a volunteer plan .
If the kids are growing <unk> , the kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you eat tomatoes , but if none of these are taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects your mind and your body , they eat blind , what they 're going to put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're trapped . I see kids that are on this path designed for them , which is not carrying them anywhere .
With gardening , I see a chance in which we can train these kids who are getting away from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
You probably see the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the earth , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant all a block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to bring in containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things because the free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> it .
So what I 'm talking about is to put people out of work , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners .
We need to change the script of what is a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Do you pick them up , take your shovel ?
That is their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not called to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( Typing noise ) You 'll probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days as it rains much .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt as a result .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle and these cars , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads of asphalt asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can pass through it , so all the rainwater goes up to the side and you 'll have a road that it 's easy to drive , and you do n't make water anymore .
The noise also disappear into these pores .
Because it 's very open , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is getting rid of ? Look at this road , the surface stones come out .
First of a rock , then several more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you will not be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more harm .
Sometimes you can create potholes with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that can be converted into a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if they <unk> , they will be <unk> and separate from the insides .
So , if you drive the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with small pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , as you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow of these <unk> , and the rocks will go back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here to stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm going to pull out what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tested lots of samples out there and then the government , they really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated a piece of road , 400 feet of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
So we made the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , we put them up with our induction machine , and the focus we came back and test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've done a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using induction energy , actually , will increase the life of the surface of the road , even if you can double the lives of the surface , you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're kind of curious if this also worked .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
It has to cool off first before I 'm going to show you how repairability works .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to News News in his little gray radio .
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual in those times , because the news is usually going on .
`` The Taliban went , '' `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years when the Taliban ran from Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck as a child to escort my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we can educate them .
Every day , we took a different route for no one to be <unk> where we were going .
We had to hide books in markets so that it looks like we were shopping .
School was in a house , more than 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we had our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school suddenly closed for a week , because the faded Taliban .
We were always wondering what they did .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but still the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters of a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan . <unk> that his daughter , my mother , out to school , and so his father would be <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
She left two years ago , just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their kids had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk to not educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were times as frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
They can steal your money . You can let them leave your house for a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I 'm standing here proud to graduate from <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was <unk> from his home for the courage of educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate her daughters .
He 's not only getting rid of my college degree , but I also was that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm driving it on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I 'm a dream of a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see the students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a grim opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on the way from <unk> to his village , and he literally escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to his house , you 're on the phone , a voice told you that if I kept sending her daughter to school , I would try it .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But not harm the future of my daughter through his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've given myself in Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , it 's that behind most of those who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , it 's often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , girls who went to school are told by hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls are going to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States .
I find that the Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I fear these changes would n't last a lot , after the retreat of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who are going to make up for them , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day of <unk> will remind me of it .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile -- `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But I will never get a revolutionary style back of Gaddafi . ''
It 's been nearly two years since that <unk> revolution was inspired by the surge of massive <unk> , both of the Tunisian revolution as an Egyptian .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men were at the cutting edge , pushing on the top of the regime , carrying after freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of <unk> war and a loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrow the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi , including the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted a lot of other women , rebuilding civil society society , pushing a inclusive and fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were approximately 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of about 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about capabilities development , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the Women 's 1.1 women <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> of women and our right of participation in building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was becoming more and more <unk> , which will be made from the selfish policies and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , some of the exhilaration of elections and revolution like a whole , were disappearing ; every day we found news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of mosques in ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador , and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of American police officers .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militia of militias , and their full rape violations of the human rights and their lack of law enforcement .
Our society , formed for a revolutionary mindset , became more <unk> , and it 's gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
And intolerance , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the implications of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the <unk> list and elections .
I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't have the peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate brought peace and reconciliation national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society on polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men and for women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creation of consensus that the choices I needed , which only transcend polarization and division .
Our nation needs a qualitative representation of the most feminine representation of which to need the numerical , quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as anger agents and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , that not only <unk> , but also putting mercy in place of revenge , and collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , torn apart from war , needs desperately with the end to reach the peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that comes to the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it differently .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- `` It 's the word of the merciful God , [ <unk> , compassionate , compassionate . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- the feminine and motherly , which spans all the humanity of men and women , who all tribes and all the people have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus covers completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is giving all of the existence .
That 's how we tell us , `` My mercy covers all the things . ''
It 's like , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That 's all the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally spooky answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to deal with is the one that everybody does : Why is she left ?
Why was he going to stay with a man who hits him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no skilled in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I was just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green father green Express , and had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , followed my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , when I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and <unk> to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , from love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies to Fortune 500 , among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been married almost 20 years married to my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> and driving an <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all the religions , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent , <unk> relationships , or said otherwise , in families , the last place where we would want or expect to find violence , and that 's why , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that the last person would be the last person in the world who would run with a man who hits him , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 , and in the United States , women of between 16 and 24 years old , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and husbands in the United States .
I also went a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night in January .
I was sitting next to me on the New York subway and started <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he also had taken from a university of the Ivy League university , and he was working on a very important bank from Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was smart and fun , and it seemed like a field guy .
And I had some big <unk> , like apples , and a hair blond hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
It did about it at first <unk> on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything from me : he was ready , he had gone to Harvard , that he would put girls in helping girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer , as no one had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's in that prestigious little school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced by the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York and I leave the work of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , and so I accepted , I quit my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was entering the head in a physical trap , and a physical , carefully psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to her .
And here 's where these guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where you 're supposed to have to feel so safe to be so safe to buy three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another one he kept it below the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma of the trauma that he lived in .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns actually were a message for me , and even though I had never been raised my hand , my life was already seriously endangered , every minute .
The first physical attack on <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I got my mother 's friend and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that I was living happy forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me to be very much .
And it was very , very piping .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding , and for the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and it would never hurt me .
I spent twice more on our moon of honey .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong in the head that he would take a bunch of times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving around our moon of honey , and threw a Big Mac cold on the face .
They went on <unk> a year or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was amazed when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence , or harassment at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Rather , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and was the only person in the world who could help him face his demons .
The other question everybody is doing is : Why do n't we just go ?
Why did n't I left ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the most sad and agonizing question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
Over 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has end the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and engineering from the family 's justice system to <unk> the victim and their children , which are usually required for judges spending time not to spend time with man who would staple their mother .
And still , we still ask why it 's not going to go ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat up my denial .
I realized that the man who loved me so much , would have been killed if he was allowed .
So I broke silence .
I told everyone around the world : to the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , to my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> the victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , a damaged commons .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
Some people are a way to say , `` The fault is theirs to stay , '' as if the victims are intentionally in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Love '' `` Love '' -- I 've been hearing hundreds of stories of men and women who had learned a priceless lesson from what happened to them , and to promote their lives and happy lives as employed , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a <unk> for domestic violence .
I became marrying a cute guy , and we have those three kids .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to have ever got again , ever , is a gun running down to my head in the hands of someone who says I want to .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being battered right now , or they 're being battered , or that they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , his sister , to his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love of particular , breaking the silence .
And I 'm still doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> thrives on silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the light abuse talking about it with your kids , your coworkers , your friends and family .
You know , you 've got his vision of survivors as survivors as fantastic and lovely people , who have a full future .
They 're going to get the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to stop their climb and show the victims of safe security .
Together we can convert our beds , our tables and our families at the safe and peaceful things they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call me Cameron , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't get dressed in this way . Luckily , I 've brought clothes to change .
This is the first shift from clothes on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come out , they do n't have to tell you now , but find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less wrong than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while I cover your head .
All right .
Why did I have this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope that not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've completely changed what you thought about in six seconds .
And in this picture , he had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that I would take my back and get my hair from the kid .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always make me , but really honest .
The first question is , how is it going to be model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason that I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a heritage of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the last few centuries we have n't only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , also have associated with a high , <unk> figure , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've learned to tap into the money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown now skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers like fashion -- wait . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Yves Liu .
First of all , we would argue so much about models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York told all and each of the models on the runway , and from the hired models , only 27 , is only 27 percent , were n't white .
The next question that people are always doing is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not taking care of that .
But then what I would really tell you each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> surgeon and a poet , which would be awesome , because you were the first .
If you have this spectacular list , you still insist , no , no , no , no , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yeah , my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing the American magazine or the CEO of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that the older you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike surgery , <unk> , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum and a couple of jobs on your back , no matter what you want to say , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model for underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos would be <unk> .
And yes , it 's pretty much <unk> all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a slumber party a few days before the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of his <unk> and <unk> people , and they can create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do you get free things ?
I 've got too much overwhelmed overwhelmed and I never use , except the first couple , but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to a store and I forgot to get money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver , put a light in red and , of course , stood up , and it took one , I 'm sorry , agent in order to keep driving .
I love this privilege for me , not why I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only <unk> young black and Latino men in New York , so for them , is n't it a question of me being asked ?
You know , how many times would you get me ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that by 53 percent of the six-year-old girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17 .
So , the last question that people do is : How is life from a model ?
And I think the answer , I think , is : If you 're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy and beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to be able to work with creative people , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we 're never saying in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
What if you ever ask yourself , with little legs , and the brighter hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the most thin legs , the brightest hair and clothing more than fashion , but it 's probably the most safe women safe on the planet .
But especially it was difficult to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to retain in this talk , I hope that everyone is more comfortable with the power of image of the perception of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography 's been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I did n't leave me who pulled it out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care of the lighting .
In fact , most people are taken to random tourists .
My story begins when , meeting me in New York City to give a <unk> , my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened that we went back to New York City just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take New York City on a <unk> trip , and you follow the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started asking for the tourists that were going to get that picture to get that picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a whole stranger is so universal .
No one has ever been denied , and fortunately , no one 's never met with the camera .
By then , we were n't aware of how much of us to change this journey .
It became sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , which had happened that day in a way that a five year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way of stopping time on October , and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always put the same picture , our perspective changes new milestones , and I can see the life through his eyes and how you perceive and interacts with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion every year .
Recently , in one of the journeys , we were walking , when suddenly , he stopped in the dry and pointed a red <unk> of the grocery store that I loved small in previous visits .
And he described to me what made sense to the five years on that same place .
It reminded me that it reminded her heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years .
And now what you look at in New York City are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you 're not going to show up to someone and ask them , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Ants are in the most threatened bird group .
First of all , why do you have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs , as characters , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you get laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that I associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep clean the environment , <unk> wo n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the rabbits are better , there are two kinds of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits in the New World , which is mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the Old World rabbits , where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 are high risk of extinction .
So why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide life ecological services .
These are our natural garbage trials .
<unk> people up to bone .
They help kill killing all the bacteria , they help absorb the anthrax that not to be due to them and causing large losses and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the dead bodies take three to four times longer to be broken , and it has a huge <unk> in the spread of disease .
The rabbits also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the cobra , <unk> the unit between the Stop , and the Under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the <unk> god , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Devil <unk> .
In the <unk> culture , they 're doing very important cold burials , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead down , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural <unk> system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , of which six are at extreme extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , the rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the endangered metric of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason is , because they fall up with the consumer consumption that has been treated with a drug <unk> like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Because there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs sitting on in landfills of dead bodies , and when you have dogs , you have a huge time bomb for anger , and the number of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds -- cut by half .
They 're <unk> of birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible death of dead rabbits to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so to focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments on regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can they help ? It can make noise , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they 're going to spend their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , you will tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on the rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed his mind , because he saw it flying without any energy spending , without energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do , and all I do professionally -- my life -- that 's been molded by seven years of work during my youth .
From 1971 until 1977 , I 'm already . I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I was thinking , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we had , we had the <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where we just decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So we got the seeds of Italian seeds in the South of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they were trying to get them to work , and sometimes they did n't get together . We were amazed that the local people , in so fertile valley , they did n't have agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't get anything done , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just for time to save the people of Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato tomato would grow this size in Zambia to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them the <unk> : `` Look , what easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red ones , overnight , <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never ask . ''
I thought we were just the Italians to make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English did , what the French did , what they were doing the French , and then seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
You will see the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we 're going to tell you about people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've given the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years .
I 'm not telling you about the damage that that money has caused .
Just read their book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon , and we treat people just in two ways , or we 're sponsoring them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I try to deal with any of a different culture like my children , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture like my maids .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can we -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to have 27 years just answering the people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never started anything , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people of locality .
We do n't work from the offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what we do ? We become friends , and we found what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they will never say , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what they have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't run their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the business family of business , who stood up with you in your house , on the table of your kitchen , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this junk garbage that we got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects in a year , and the government came to see me , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I love it . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisors in history , to '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy to get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the corporate spirit .
So now <unk> rebuilding all of the things that the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to get these people to come to talk to you .
You have to offer them to you , privacy , you have to be fantastic when you help you , and then you 'll get to it , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What are you going to show you more this morning ?
Local local people . That 's what you have <unk> .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution <unk> fossils , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a form of holding machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we organize , we heal , we educate , we 're going to communicate , to seven billion people in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic journal many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in New York City .
And in the 1860 year , we gathered this group of people , and <unk> about what would happen to the city of New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they talked , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population of New York into the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the dung produced for six million horses would be impossible to tackle .
They were already empty in dung . So in 1860 , they were getting this dirty technology out of New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely <unk> , and there were very few , <unk> , factories in places like <unk> .
<unk> , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them to you .
Otherwise , they wo n't talk to you .
Then you have to offer you absolute , dedicated service , <unk> service .
And then later , you will have to tell you the truth with that .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a wonderful financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world I can do , sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've looked at and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie , ordinary , ordinary , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it was started by one person .
Never , the word `` I '' , but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community , which we have , who come from a small business store businesses in coffee bars in bars , with their dedicated businesses who will do for you , what someone did for you , who is talking about this <unk> , someone who is asking you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would I like you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
The people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we did n't exchange a lot , even though sharing the same public spaces .
Over the last few years I tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much pay my neighbors through their apartments ?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It always gives rise to music , there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most American property properties .
I live near this house , and I thought , how could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother to me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this led me deep gratitude for the time lived and made me .
It clearly gave it to the significant things of my life today .
But let 's try to keep this look at my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be catching up for the day and forgetting what 's really important for you .
So with old help and new friends transformed the wall of this left house on a giant blackboard , and he painted on her phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So the anatomists could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was full and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to be once more . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to the rescue of someone . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams , and the hope of people made me laugh , and I was shocked , and they gave me comfort to hard times .
It 's about knowing that one is not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in his community .
And so with my colleagues at the civic center , we made a kit , and now they have been done by walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces , if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that they prepare for death is one of those things that will make us more power .
If you think about death , we will be thinking about death .
Our spaces can share better , what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people around us are not only able to help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it transmits joy than some of the best speakers .
He knows what the love is .
Now , it did share happen what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When he singing our childhood songs , trying to say words that I could n't even remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year I came up with each one of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , you pee on my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Does n't it seem amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though it did n't consider them within the ordinary , it could only mean that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those of you , you know , `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical abilities .
In each individual , it manifests itself differently , so it 's so different to Sam .
And worldwide , every 20 minutes , is being diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the development disorders that are increasing in the world , there is no cause or known .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't look very interested in me at all .
He lived in his own world , and he looked in his own world , with his own rules , and I was finding pleasure in the smaller things , like putting cars around the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between half .
As I grew up , it would come back more different , and the differences were more apparent .
But beyond overreacting , frustration and endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child to see the world without prejudice , a human being that I 'd never lied .
Remarkable .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , moments when I wish them to be just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that I would n't want to change for normal .
The normality is high by the beauty that gives us the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean you 're wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and to Sam and to you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or not , the differences we have -- it 's a gift ! Each of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a bit of what has been to be Alicia in the Hall of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
He was scared . It was really afraid of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big unknown words .
But when those conversations were coming , I felt that we had felt like when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just felt when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised by the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to environment and health care and health care , and if we do n't know about this , the work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as well as scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and its engineering is attractive .
First question for <unk> , and then what ?
What science is relevant to us .
You do n't tell us they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the <unk> structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with jargon .
<unk> is an obstacle to our understanding of your ideas .
Sure , can you say space and temporary , but why not say space and time is that it 's much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing that making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're ways to get it into their content .
And by presenting their work , forget the signs of `` bullet . ''
You 've asked why `` bullets , '' what 's the bullets do , and the bullets kill , and they 're going to get their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's being supported in the language of our brain and we are overwhelmed .
Instead , this example of <unk> Brown is much more effective , it shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you provide graphics that will contribute to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it describes .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when they 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary Dictionary .
Just because it sounds pretty good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` rogue politician . ''
Although there was a journalism editor , which he defined a lot better when he said a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> is that he 's looking for a public charge , no matter what party match , platform or principle , and , when he wins , he gets by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to master the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote newspapers to quote the exact words they said in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy named <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
She was thrown in the London Tower and she was incarcerated for him , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` so <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to actually show you how the words and politics interact , I want you to go back to the United States , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This is <unk> in Congress for a long time .
All kinds of suggestions you could have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call it Chief State of Washington , and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and the other <unk> of the U.S. Nation .
Not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And not even with it , they had the idea that you could be chosen King for a determined deadline .
And he could have served .
The whole world got too tired , because this debate was happening for three weeks .
I read the daily Senator Senator , and I always wrote , `` Not still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of the House was against the Senate .
The House House did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him the King just if they did it or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give the most modest , more insignificant and more unfortunate title .
And that title was `` President '' .
President . They did n't invent the title . It was already before , but it only meant `` somebody who 's going to be a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I had no more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or <unk> .
There was the <unk> presidents of young <unk> and fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is posed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign fighters . ''
`` And who will take you seriously with a <unk> , <unk> , like President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't shake .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite way to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been served by the president of the president .
President Barack Obama 's lucky to keep there , hoping that the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- it 's possible to follow waiting for us to save more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you with , is that the President of America does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest available economy in the world and a fleet of flying aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have laced the title of <unk> .
So he finally won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of the Senate -- well , it was a uniqueness .
But you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like 5,000 nuclear heads , etc .
So , at the end of the Senate , he won , because no one 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're now the president of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and that I would like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually actually fundamentally changes the words that are much more than the words that they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and rocks were starting with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap light flashlight on the head with this <unk> elastic rubber rubber , and I can barely tell the <unk> branches that are holding the walls of that hole in a meter which drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
And I got my hand off , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and fell 130 feet into that well .
While I talk to you today , these guys are deep at the depths of that hole at the risk of their lives without paying no reward , and often dying .
I walked out of that hole , and I went home , but they may never , because they 're <unk> in slavery .
In the last 28 years I 've been documenting native cultures in over 70 continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met an <unk> <unk> , an NGO that 's done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery , because I knew that there was in the world , but not to a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I was pretty bad -- I was honestly enough I was ashamed of ignoring this terrible thing , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He got me a knot , and a few weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
That 's how I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , it had been in many of these sites .
Some of them even considered my second home .
But this time , we would improvise the dirty dirty dirty .
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 billion people in the world .
It 's twice as many of Africans displaced throughout the whole of the <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave farmer was about three times the annual salary of a United States worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , you can take rid of entire families today for generations for $ 18 debt .
Surprisingly , slavery makes a profit from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been <unk> with false education , and better work to find out that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat to violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met building furnaces .
This strange and great show was like entering the old Egypt or the Dante 's hell .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , kids , in fact , whole families wrapped up in a heavy overcoat of <unk> mechanically ventilated bricks in their heads , to 18 at the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over over 16 hours a day .
There was no time to eat , no to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it just a lot clearer .
As <unk> was the heat and the powder that my camera was too hot , and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> , and I 'm sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better than these people .
And back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> , and work within the system for his release and trusted that he was doing it .
In the way to me , I waited to get home to feel my heart shattered .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging rocks for miles on <unk> terrain until trucks they were waiting down .
Those big light were heavier than the kids who 'd load them and the kids holding their heads on their heads made of sticks , ropes made , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that 's so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're a slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without any <unk> because this has been that whole life .
They have nothing to compare what to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their own houses .
When you hear the word slavery often we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , women were in Kathmandu who had been previously considered sex slaves .
It took me along a staircase , which gave this dirty basement , dim fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They 've got rooms , private rooms , where the slave in <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the customers and they 'll buy more food and alcohol .
Each of it is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their clients .
On the dusk , I remember there 's a sense of sharp burning , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it should be caught up in that hell .
He just had one way out , the stairs where he came in .
There was no backdoors back .
There were no large windows as to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a topic that is so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual traffic , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year like sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that often relate to slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families attached to silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and you dip silk in the liquid to <unk> , but that 's why it 's toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still expect , though , can be able to get out of this house one day and go to another place where we really pay our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we come up , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some young children , make sense , right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked , missing , forced to work tirelessly on these boats in the lake , even though they wo n't know swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to him ; it 's the subject that his little canoe was going to be <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees are immersed in the lake Lake , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , got to the water to release the branches .
Many are drowned .
Since it remembers , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
By fear of his owner is not going to run away , and like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> treats the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning , when they woke up the last net , but they had been working since .
In the cold and windy night .
And it 's to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village .
I met him in a shelter where I 'd put the <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi spreads .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with <unk> <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with their bike suddenly sped up and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to plug it on a road path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we 'll get out of the car , and asked the driver to go out quickly .
And then he pointed this path just visible , and he said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took the <unk> to go , and after walking around about an hour , we found that the path was attached to the recent rains , so I put the photos of the photos on my head as it went into these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> road ended up abruptly into a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all filled with workers .
Many women had fallen on their backs , and while they were looking for gold , they walked around the poison waters of mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were <unk> on their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits are up to 90 meters , and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that then they 'll be transported to another area where they were putting the stone to get the gold out .
You see , the site seems to be full of strong , <unk> , but , if we look closer to the margin , we see some less fortunate , and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up as this tuberculosis victim and <unk> projection in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
By dying of his uncle , I inherited the debt of the uncle who force it to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg canopy that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that doctors said it should be <unk> .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Even so , he dreams about being released and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , ' and it 's this kind of determination , from the face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light over slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be testimony to them and that we will do anything to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can look at each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult for us to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not journals . They are people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect for their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor of knowing .
Now , I hope that these images are attached to a force in which you see them , in people like you , and that fire will turn into a fire , and that fire <unk> light on slavery because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try to explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the more human activities .
We were telling us the <unk> and the ballet <unk> dancers that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demands an extraordinary training degree , a high level of skill and probably a certain skill , that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , the neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroyed gradually this extraordinary ability , as I do with my friend <unk> <unk> who , in his time , was a virtuous dancer who was ballet .
Over the last few years , it 's been made much progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there 's actually a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> metric .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers , so the best of the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurologic test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very costly , and that means , outside of clinical trials , they never do . It never has been done .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves ?
You would n't need them .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So , what I want to do to you as I 'm unconventional to try , and you see , in a sense , we 're all virtuous as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds , and we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And , like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's disease , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the trace trace you can see a irregular shake of vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
<unk> , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and ambition after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Well , but also <unk> exams are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
They 're very low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a low cost , it appears at a massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce our patients ' difficulties .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could actually get goals .
We could make a massive <unk> recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , large-scale doable at scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , when I 'm going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local lines accessible to 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's or Parkinson 's , can call on price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal only for eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say , 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What will you get from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not end up .
But we 're going to get a very big data probe in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking at <unk> the confusion factors in search of the real markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my <unk> student , I have to <unk> , has made a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , which is what <unk> the project -- now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March 2011 , he made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We 're hiding in the dark , in the rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do <unk> <unk> models , the perfect even more thin skin , we do the impossible , possible , and people criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists artists with a lot of experience and really good for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happened in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was volunteering , there was <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer equipment .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May , I went to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen of fishermen located in <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first towns affected by the wave .
The level of water has reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We get rubble from the channels and the <unk> .
<unk> schools . We took the mud , and we left the houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten factory .
And we <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found photos and <unk> photos and cameras and cameras .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were running out of the wave , and to save their lives , they had to drop out absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a exit center of the people .
It helped clean the communal toilets , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of order would pick up the photos .
There were the honor , and I had the honor of that day to come up with me to clean up the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until beyond my horizons than something happened .
When I looked at the photos , I found some that were more than a hundred years old , some people were still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I got on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started playing the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too futuristic , but where the water had left the face of the girl , he had to get to get to a lot of precision and it was like .
In another way , that little girl would n't have the aspect of her , and that would be as tragic as you have the photo of it .
Over time , they came by lucky more photos , and it took more of them , and it was that I went back on Facebook and on Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people from joining together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize us to <unk> , a neighbor village north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that he would take in <unk> is a different story , it depends on the <unk> of the photos .
It could entail an hour . She could make weeks .
It could make months .
This <unk> had to draw practically hand using hand using the areas whose color and detail was n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all of these photos submerged in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , with algae , even with oil , all along with the passage of the time I continue <unk> , so <unk> was an important part of the project .
We could n't afford the picture unless I was clean , and dry , and it would have been <unk> by her owner .
We were lucky with cleaning up .
We have the guide to a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy damage even more of the photos .
As once once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky for the photos .
He had started to cast herself , but he stopped to realize that it 's even more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to put the images into a single picture and run the whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures , they shared something from his story with us .
A few colleagues in his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble far from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water while <unk> <unk> .
Their little kids , not so small now , but his two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took him a week to find his whole family and knew that everyone had survived .
The day I gave her her pictures his son as I turn 14 years old .
For her , despite all this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look at , something that I could remember from the past that did n't have been beaten up that day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined the hundreds of them , they were helped to clean up by the more of 135 photographs , the vast majority -- the vast majority of them went back to their own hands .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped give back to 90 families , a hundred and <unk> photos .
During this time , we do n't actually spend over $ 1,000 equipment and materials , most of the ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , someone loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take , but the first thing we 'd ever come up with .
This was about the project , to restore little bits of humanity , of giving someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this is coming back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the person 's life who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , I 'll give back to something , using their talent to something that are not thin models of perfect skin .
So I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As I was able to do , I could n't help but think about people and the stories that are shown in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to the small child , gathered around a baby , and I was moved , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few times our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition in one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> -- a new technique that can create video motion in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can look after corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-ray , and they challenge the camera 's idea .
If I take a laser pointer , I turn it on and I turn it back into a <unk> or a second or so , in various <unk> , I 'll create a <unk> <unk> package <unk> .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do those photons go into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this is happening in less than a <unk> is how long it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola is n't going to do this research . It 's a lot of things in this film ; we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a <unk> package that starts to <unk> and , inside , starts to <unk> .
Part of the light vanishing down , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
A lot of the photons finally get to the cover , and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside the inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the reflections of the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the reflections are concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we 're going to go the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to see that film ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a slow movement in motion .
And what about it with dead nature ?
You can see the waves from the table of the table , the tomato wall and the bottom .
It 's like throwing a stone into a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at a little bit more like this tomato , you 'll notice that , as light takes over the tomato tomato , it 's still bright . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside it and it goes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phone , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What did we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture of low exposure , it goes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I 'll barely get some light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very smart timing , and we took these gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those data in raw data and make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
What if a new power of a future superhero would allow them to see after corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , let 's go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
where we could extract those multiple bounces of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've built it .
On the left , there 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there is a dummy and <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
A small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at times slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , it has unique capabilities .
It 's very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to how far away .
When you project a laser , you can record a raw photo , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , tens of images , and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we 'll be able to see the hidden object ?
Can we look at it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore this from the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that <unk> collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could search for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light reflected in the windows .
Or we could be able to build <unk> capable of looking inside of the body , through the same way for <unk> .
But of course , because of tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve problems of the next generation of the next generation .
So like Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist , converted science into art , an art of photography .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualizations , but we can .
creating a new form of computer photography with a slow motion and code .
Let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> <unk> .
But here 's a lot of fun .
If you look at the waves under the cover , these are coming out of us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost the speed of light , we have weird effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera .
They <unk> the associated warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can make a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone you can tweet , and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , you can move that up and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is autumn in 1989 , and imagine if all these people put together that they 're going to look for a change , they had a cell phone in our pocket .
Who 's got a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , please !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , and wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about me , my phone , and how I changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . I presented a directive .
The <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider of all Europe , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who 's called who , who sends an email to who .
Who 's texting who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
This whole information is stored by at least six months , and until two years , in their phone company or your Internet provider .
And throughout Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the suppliers to the Internet and stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time I use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany , and please get rid of all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're having my life . ''
So I decided to put on a lawsuit I had because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give you this information .
At the end , we signed an agreement .
They demand demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask for .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on CDs there was this .
Thirty percent of <unk> , 30 lines of information .
At first I saw it , I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open City Data , we did this .
This is a three-year visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go backwards and go ahead .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to go from <unk> to <unk> , and how often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not only about me .
It 's about all of us .
First of all , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called between them .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who you talk to who , who gives you an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in our pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who I was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , neither is the fall of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives , and they want to be able to do it forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not happening in fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , you do n't have to .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remind you they have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
Not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
Let me give my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I would spend all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting .
and Muhammad Al .
Language is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> , you ca n't contract .
No one 's my mother 's uterus , because my mom were cousins , although they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not an inspirational source .
He feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they wish to be disabled .
Let 's go for a walk .
<unk> Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive in circles in search for parking lot , and what do you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and P. C. It 's just one of them .
If there was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , disabled , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the very beginning .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't be . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; I dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I just wiped out .
If my three senior sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and it was <unk> from me as well , and if we did n't take all of the note on the top , all of my mother 's notice .
My father taught me how to walk the five years putting my head in my feet and just walking .
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it was <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in kindergarten , he walked as a boxing champion who has received a lot of beats .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my hometown and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think no one realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think about appropriate , `` hate Muslims as a slogan . ''
The people that I grew up with no trouble with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of hunger from hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so fast at dawn at dusk is very easy .
I did tap on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so I was sent to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , and I 'm like I can walk in a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I would also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer holidays on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I was going through my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine , every summers , hit us on Madonna .
At summer holidays , my father was about <unk> , so I was drinking milk from deer , and I would get wet cups on the back of the back , and I got stuck in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the silver cure was the yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a comedian 's comedian who could n't stand up on foot .
And I can now stand on the head .
My parents had been able to do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital of General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship to <unk> , University of Arizona state , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet of the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the work of the least intelligent , I took the ultimate note in my class , and also in their classes .
Every time I had a scene of the glass zoo my teachers cried .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called a very slow dance in Jackson Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Eventually , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Free to free ! Stop !
Thank God almighty , in order I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to Brown .
I went to <unk> , running to the theater of the theater department , crying , historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that because she thought he could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunt scenes , I ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that was literally born and gave him to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors with no disability for disabled .
When I graduated from , I went home , and my first tour tour was kind of extra in a soap soap .
My dream was actually done .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` partner '' to `` Best friend '' to a <unk> .
Instead , he stayed there like a vase , and he did n't see me more than the neck , and it was apparent to me that <unk> , <unk> actors , not white , with disabilities .
They just beat people perfect .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , Roseanne <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were other .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour , I took famous comical from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedy he took when he landed on the realization that he went at high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all America , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and not veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you 've never heard this little nasty buzz that 's said that women are not fun , and they find them very fun .
In 2003 , my brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Comedy Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media and to remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not <unk> .
<unk> Arabs were much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the cable news show Matters behind Keith <unk> .
I went into a graduation dance , brought me to a studio and sat me into a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two , two ... ''
And we were living !
So I grabbed the presenter 's desk to not get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
At the end , I had my opportunity , and I knew you would n't get me back .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was just like I had a full-time participant and pasted my chair .
So a funny thing that I learned in right with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
The kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a little girl .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became an object of ridicule .
You see clips online with comments like , `` Why shakes ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite one : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What a disease has ?
We should really pray for it . ''
An commentator suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you can not make someone in a wheelchair .
disabled are the ... Yes , cheer , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with the media , I do n't think I was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in the everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I 'll make you less hate the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to some very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> <unk> and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world for `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> Children '' -- a charity to give kids Palestinians , a minuscule proportion of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me alive , and I devote this talk to his memory .
No peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a kid in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
She lives in a small town in the South <unk> .
This town is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small town to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without it , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there is no opportunity , there 's no work , no perspectives of future .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day a gentleman is given to lunch for dinner , after dinner .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives him a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new clothing , money to send home , to their family .
They present to a young man .
Finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That kid in that little dreams of the great city was suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill his dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for a future of future , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that he 's called the waiting period .
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the history of the marginalized , the young urban urban young people that <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking at something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great sleep of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , welfare , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the history of `` waiting , '' the door to terrorism , to violence , to gang , will be the history of 2.0 cities .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do pretty much .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to get to that hospital <unk> thinking , `` If I would never have gone ? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same `` expected period '' ?
Would you have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a few juvenile leaders at a corporate pinnacle .
We 'll give up about 90 juvenile juvenile leaders .
And we sat down and we had a brainstorming on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
No work , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and rose .
It started a motorcycle company .
He started motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some time expanding hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years .
Why is this different story ?
What makes this story different ?
I think his ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the corporate spirit , and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
Let 's get young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are desperately searching .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping some of the young people in the peak of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed got , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were just sent out of plastic from the foreigner .
If you ask someone , `` When was the last time you saw the flowers so cool ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a floral design company , and it started floral design .
He created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and it started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working in the creation of the world 's first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the pink pink .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , to work for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , they could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the major challenges facing the city .
We 've got business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step , but the young people need the capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business .
<unk> the young people who need the resources they need , they demand the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , business spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think he 's selling hope .
Your Peace Park , this is how he calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
I hired kids out of the street to help rent and maintain the motorbikes for him .
He gave them the chance to escape the paralysis of the <unk> period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks Parks that <unk> and `` <unk> periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about ten years old , and I went to <unk> with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun would make the <unk> leaves like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the road that we were still , almost we could pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a beautiful lens to a beautiful lens to a beautiful lens when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was just a dump , which is about four square feet with rotten apple hearts , aluminum paper , and footwear .
And I was stunned , and I was very angry and incredibly angry .
<unk> that were too lazy to get what they had brought , who thought it was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question followed with me , and it cooled a little bit .
Who cleans our trash ?
Does n't matter how to organize or where the `` our '' is , who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our garbage , for about 11 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work does that work .
What does it feel like using the uniform and bring that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and walked along the pipeline , and I interviewed people in offices and installations all over the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go into more .
So I started to work like <unk> .
I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I was doing them .
And it operated the mechanical mechanical and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everyone wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you think , and in the days that it 's really strong you get used quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continue to get their weight on their body tons of garbage every week .
There is also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the ten <unk> <unk> in the country , and I was learned the reason .
You 're coming out , and you 're going into traffic all day , and they move around you .
They just want to say <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless thing .
When you get out of the <unk> , and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that the garbage is like a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also like a way of breathing or circulation .
It 's always going to be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think strongly is especially ironic because I believe that waste dates are the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They are the first protecting public health care .
If you do n't get rid of the waste and effective , effective way every day , this starts to crawl from its containers and their dangers inherent in very real ways .
So what we 'd run for decades , and centuries they come back and go back to <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have a space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when they 're in danger of consumption .
Now , I 'm not advocating that capitalism , I point their relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily daily velocity .
I mean , I 'm just at the speed that I used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , we do n't even get involved , we 'll clean up or take our cup of coffee , our <unk> bag , our water bottle .
We pull them up , we drop them , we just forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that 's going to take place .
So I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and intervene in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to stop .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow should always stay in shape or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a waste dating truck on the street , grabbed my kid little and down the stairs running on , and there was a man doing his recycled paper journey , like he did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that particular day , but I started to cry .
And I looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started to investigate the waste collection , and I went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together a lot of times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that he was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of the labor .
The city waste , what we think about when we talk about garbage , it 's three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their day and their lives , the next person to see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community lives being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally of conditions and local traditions .
So I brought two recent projects today like this .
These projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a bunch of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to get running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin with crystals generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for the entire year .
And thirdly , it looks like nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a pity for a place that rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked with the old market that is this <unk> structure where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the site , which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that they do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries in the building .
And this spreads into an atrium , inclined that it creates a space outdoors in the building that would be <unk> , by its own way , of the sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a fabric of a concrete concrete shell to allow the air input , and also the light , but a filtered shape .
And then we 're inspired by these beautiful buttons of dresses in the Ethiopians .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces of <unk> that are the windows going through the air and light in a <unk> way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals that use light inside of the building to light the building at night .
It was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a shopping mall . It was n't what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we found that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the mall in the mall , because at the end of the bank , there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy to the building in a city where the electricity goes down almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we thought about the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for inner health care .
It 's expected for the early days of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master 's master plan and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to perform a big project , the biggest I ever designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I took special attention to <unk> , a 1,000 years old , who was surrounded by a wall with twelve door doors connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand existing streets , creating 12 early blocks similar to the size of Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we pick up some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected door with straight lines , and that changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell cell , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what is the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's <unk> , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
So we <unk> a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly future-oriented in that direction .
And this is the result of almost a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the bottom plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density at higher levels and density in the lower plant .
And also my idea of the gates .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving up the community occupied space .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do activities like running a <unk> race , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at simple , affordable solutions , which improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a target to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable as all the new girls see .
And I had large amounts of hair very bright hair , a little bit of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister plan .
I stayed at a time after the school exit . I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , went into the classroom , took from my master 's book .
And then , I did .
I put on the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I set up to give back the book to the drawer . But to see , some of my other classmates had very good grades too .
So , in a frenzy , I 'll tell the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all rows out of <unk> and myself , and I can just be there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came up .
I do n't understand why I felt good at doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It was that it 's all <unk> obvious .
I 've never found myself .
But most of all , I was telling me the reason I was bothered by this little little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I was reminded of jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
And also the primates . The birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that observe loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory that you study in all of your possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , <unk> would have no literature .
Well , there would n't be Helen <unk> , I would n't have `` Odyssey . ''
There was no king <unk> , and a thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
We put lists of school reading lists , because we would be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , it 's almost all of them .
This year is a hundred years of their work master , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also from ordinary competitiveness , mine , all that we could have . And thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in lavender .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forget about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were so hard as a cat .
I do n't know what the cat is , but we assume that it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious , as jealousy , who are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their impediments , are a strong narrative base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed to make us feel bad .
Now , when storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details include , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to itself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that you see in your lover , it adds to his collection of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit to you and Proust , they were also jealous .
You know , congressional boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with it .
But you do n't have to be so <unk> to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
The jealousy is <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy comes out of information .
<unk> use the details .
jealousy , you like the vast amounts of bright hair and the nice little bit of pencils .
The jealousy is <unk> from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust is fine with the language of jealousy , jealousy .
When <unk> is in its agony of jealousy , he 's listening to behind the doors and <unk> the servants of their lover , so it defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is revolting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` This is scientific research with the real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy , they 're trying to show us , but in their point , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a really painful truth . In fact , what they 're concerned about , the more it really painful , the better .
Pain , the loss -- these were the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer in us a much deeper feelings of feelings and life that a wise man might be interested in . ''
Are we telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think he 's trying to say that jealousy are reveal us .
And there 's any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion that we showed us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at with that peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was consumed .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get drunk in what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , competing behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Or , or accidentally I have a man ?
Freud say that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
The novels described very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity but not precision .
In fact , the more jealous of us are , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think of jealousy or illegal acts .
jealousy drives us to behave in a totally distressing ways .
Now , I 'm thinking about myself , at eight years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
An Michigan , Michigan , was captured by having created a false Facebook account from which they were sending themselves , horrible messages itself for a year .
For a year .
She was trying to anesthetize her former girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> '' -- books that are trying to make our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be instantly punch in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> , or want you to invade your being and <unk> from what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . You get your rings , you take your bank rings , you get your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all around the world , as much as I wanted to .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where the currency is the envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the exit ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're in a mystery .
Let 's go down to Baker Street and <unk> Street <unk> .
When people think about <unk> , think about the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always had [ to ] <unk> <unk> , the head of the face rat 's head rat <unk> , who needs desperately desperately , needs <unk> genius , but it does .
<unk> me so familiar ...
It needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and he <unk> with bitterness in the same one of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of The Six <unk> '' -- once you go into it , <unk> all of his solution , <unk> it back to <unk> and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir <unk> .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in Scotland that I did n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times you see <unk> transferred in history . It seems to me this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , no emotion .
You know , in a minute <unk> is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy is actually a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to <unk> the greatness from the other .
We can hang on with it .
But I like Scratch plans .
So while we hope that that happens , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction will be jealousy .
The fiction alone , inviting me to the table .
And look at what 's true : sweet <unk> , the scary Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the well-known Proust Proust .
We are in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the top 11 of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface surface was the culmination of a <unk> collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization for peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave work at about 400,000 people , and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including Apollo 1 .
But before Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
He <unk> walked on his surface , of which she Aldrin after death 's death last year is the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have a lot of a turn , <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of novelty and fragility in our common home .
Why were they ? The cynics answer is , because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people , why the moon ?
So why turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why do you scale up the top mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why would fly over the Atlantic ?
Why do I play Rice against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the Apollo , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about the east in the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the one of the wonder to the transcendence of technology powers .
They were because it was great power to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a very long context list of technology .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , we <unk> polio , and the smallpox was eliminated .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` force <unk> . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 8 flew at 40,000 miles an hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has returned to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 , and the optimism of the Apollo 10 , and the optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the technology will solve as going to Mars , creating a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the population of the world seem to be intractable .
I remember the Apollo 17 <unk> .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you do n't look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn Saturn , Saturn .
I knew that this would be the last moon mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It seems as if the technologists would be distracted , and they had enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a <unk> explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have been created by less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in particular , the incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas to be changed by the funding of incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when venture capitalists were at their height , they were at their height of the risk without worrying about the risk , they preferred small investments , small investments of those who could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with the benefit of technologies as energy , which need a huge capital , and whose development is in the long term . They have n't invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve large problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose to fix the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA even has designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there 's more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption , it comes from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> -- Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternatives that can compete on price . There are no .
Now , technologists , the entrepreneurs and economists agree about what political policies and international treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in the research and energy development , and some kind of market control .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 'll see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that seemed technological , they 're not to be .
We know for a long time that hunger are a result of failure at the deal of food .
But 30 years of research have been taught that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops , or the systems for the storage and deal of food , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments .
And finally , the big problems sometimes give us a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The president Nixon was declared cancer in 1971 , but soon we found out there are many kinds of cancer , some extremely resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have effective , effective treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we have to , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and the population should want to want to solve the problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it should be really about a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , is to have those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition , like in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that <unk> the hardest and the dangerous thing , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction as the way we explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And I was n't even getting it any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we are missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with the confidence that you have about trust .
They 're so common that have become <unk> in our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim , why do people think that trust has come down ?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I turn to think that might have been diminished in some activities or institutions , and that could have increased in others .
I 'm not clear .
But I can turn to the opinion surveys , and in opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that trust has dropped .
When you look at polls over time , there 's not a lot of evidence of opinion .
I mean , people who were getting married 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , are still inspiring the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and , by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But is this evidence ?
What the opinion polls are recorded are , of course , opinions .
What else can they record ?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people do when they ask themselves questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Did you get to <unk> ?
Are you talking about the fishermen ?
Get primary school teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in others . ''
What is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a particular kind of official , a official or a person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain elementary teacher I know to give the kind of reading , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative , I could hold a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've gotten those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is separated , why we left all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstractly ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of trust , because they 're trying to attract good judgment by the fact that you have to trust something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I would make .
I would have more confidence in what is trusted , but not what it is not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do n't trust what is not reliable .
And I think those people who were saving their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , it was too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
<unk> sitting or denied with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is about to make a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think in order to make a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are you competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the foraging subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're going to get their own skills .
And I 'm happy to say that I do n't think I have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
Yes , I still did n't realize it anymore .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before you trust .
The confidence is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that were easier to judge their job to judge trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the management paperwork that I 'm going to attend to itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public and institutional life , that the accountability 's system that is destined to secure the trustworthiness and the testing of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is you get the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` pull the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , all of that .
I think the goal should be more reliability , and things would be different if we were to try to be worthy of trust and encourage people that we are reliable , and whether other people to determine whether other people , government or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what it does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
Let 's take the task to rebuild the trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a bit of trustworthiness .
We can do that if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You 've got to give them the foundations so that you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to bring <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis everywhere , in all parts , the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple business example .
The store where I buy my socks , say I can hand them back without giving explanation .
I carry them , and I get the money back , or they change it for the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're pointing at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've got to be disappointed by reducing the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , and more and more , to that point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
I first created this tool that looks into digital space , so that when the <unk> <unk> against the screen transfers its body physical body .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Indian Science division of Microsoft , along with my <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space over the keyboard in a digital digital area .
So I combined a transparent viewer with cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can raise your hands on the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
Like the windows and the files have a location in real space , it 's just as easy as taking a book from a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if you put the papers , and do the digital information come to us ?
Surely , a lot of us will have bought , and I returned on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I 've got here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system is understanding your body geometry .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them be physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was ring gravity and control the movement through a magnetically-levitating combination , and it takes mechanical and detectors .
And to program digitally , the object , we released it from the time constraints and space , which means that human movements can transform and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance and the famous <unk> of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show you something , but it will begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to get rid of our world .
We started talking today about a barrier today , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was pleased to become a truck for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes for athletes with all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they create strongly that there was just an accurate path to happiness : a safe job and paid .
Whatever I would like to do , I would n't like it .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the stunts , so I tried everything I could do to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio show .
But no adult will get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends supported me , but they were kids , no authority , like me .
So at age 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never be done .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved another vocation .
Nobody to me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's look at books .
[ `` Works <unk> , '' from <unk> -- ( Crowd <unk> '' ] [ aka <unk> '' ] <unk> 's history in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were forbidden in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about life <unk> life .
And it 's not propaganda . It 's <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also took place to my comparative reading habit .
It 's a lot of perspectives .
So , for example , this map seemed to me that it seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to fields of research as a comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate , why not do it in the everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be from people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] That were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they are all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Origin of <unk> Tzu , '' Thomas <unk> [ `` The path of <unk> '' <unk> ] instead of missing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' literally means `` joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' uh-oh .
The books opened up a magic door to connect people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel alone or impotent .
Having a broken sleep really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that it 's not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a shattered sleep can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , which I 'm here today , happy , living with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So , books always will join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first customer of psychotherapy .
I was a graduate student in clinic at clinic at Berkeley .
She was a woman in 26 years called Alex .
Alex came into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw on the couch of my office , took off the shoes and said she wanted to talk about the problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My classmates had a <unk> as a client .
And I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy to just move the head while we 'll get the solution .
`` <unk> are new 20 , '' said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start working afterwards , you get home after you have kids later , until death happens later .
For <unk> as Alex and I had a time for a lot .
But soon after , my supervisor 's pushed me to press to push Alex who would talk about their loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , he 's coming out with guys underneath his category , he sits with a <unk> head , but it 's not like he was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor says , `` Still not , but maybe they get married .
Plus , the best time to work on Alex 's marriage is before they get married .
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the 1930s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what they used to do , but this did n't make them from Alex themselves a pause in their development .
This made the Alex <unk> the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for careers , families and future <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without going through the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a 20-year-old , you take your dream , you take a 20-year-old , I want to see . All right . Incredible , the <unk> really matter .
This is not just my view . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' which shape your life , will have happened when you have 30 and so many .
People of 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an exponential impact on the amount of money that they win .
We know that more than half Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future couple at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its <unk> , and it was <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now it 's time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility gets to its top , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment to educate her body and their options .
When we think about the child 's development , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where your everyday and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes at the time of adulthood .
Researchers call <unk> adolescence .
The journalists <unk> stupid names to <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things , you need a plan , not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you give you a <unk> on your head and you say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
It does n't happen .
They stole it to that person , the sense of urgency and ambition and does n't absolutely happen .
And then every day , intelligent <unk> , interesting , like you or your children , come to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing you time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says while it 's going to start a career before the 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing I 'm going to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were all running , but then at some point around the 30 , it turned the music and all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one she 'd left standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's a huge pressure on the 30s , and you start a race , to choose a couple , choose a partner , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the 1930s .
The middle aged crisis is not about buying the red cars .
It 's about realizing that you ca n't have the career you want now .
Realizing you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give your son a brother .
Many <unk> and <unk> look like themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was he doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but you still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , it was alive with a boyfriend who showed more temperaments than ambition .
And even though we live very hard , their previous life had been even more difficult .
They 're often very often in our sessions , but then she was getting up , she would not choose to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came up with his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book on board , and I had spent the entire morning , and I had his many contacts , but then you kept looking at the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who is going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the critical decade of Emma was in front .
So for the next weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all 31 , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that I forget about that identity and <unk> crisis of identity .
For identity capital , I mean making something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity of identity makes identity from identity .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding company that they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> up with <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting our exploration that I should not count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma to explore work , and I would tell you .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the <unk> who get together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know , what you think about , how they 're talking about , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from outside of its nearest circle .
The new things come from what they call weak friends of friends of friends .
Yes , half the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have work .
But the other half no , and weak ties are the way we get to this group .
The half of the work created never gets released , then , knowing the chief of your neighbor is a way to get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know his friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma will soon beat his family , when I have a couple and form your own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had arrived .
Maybe you think that the 30 is better in order to sit down the 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live at now or get you now when everyone on Facebook start to walk towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it will work or kill your time with whoever you choose to you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a quarter of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond was helped to get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the groom in which he lived .
Now , five years later , this is special events of museum events .
This married man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I was sending me a letter that said , `` Now the <unk> spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport , which goes somewhere in the west .
Just before the launch , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the age of 21 or 25 , and even 29 , a good break , a good TED Talk may have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to Alex .
It 's what I 'm privileged for now to tell <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't get to define what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very difficult job in management consulting for a job that was even more thoughtful : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics at seventh grade in New York City schools .
And as any professor , I applied testing and testing .
I give you tasks .
When the work came back , we 'll get the grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best students and my worst students .
Some of them who had better performance scores did n't have I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest children was n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , safe , are difficult , proportions , the area of a <unk> .
But these concepts are n't impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard , and for the long time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a <unk> perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if we succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how quickly and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in each study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Army Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> are going to be <unk> in military training and who would be <unk> .
We went to the National Contest of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children would be able to do as far as possible in competition .
Do we study failing teachers working in really hard neighborhoods working in really hard neighborhoods , which teachers will still teach for the end of school year and those , who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students ' learning ?
Do we associate with private companies , asking , what of these marketers are going to keep their job ?
And who is going to make more money ?
In all of these very different contexts , a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health , and it was n't high I.Q .
It was the determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
determination is clinging to your future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to make my questionnaires and then I waited about more than a year to see who would be <unk> .
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate , even when I paired them in every single feature I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even security that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or at the National Yo-Yo Contest , where it matters , it 's also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you develop determination in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I do is that talent do n't give them determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that they simply do n't go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , the age-related is not related or even related to the talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing children is something called growth mentality .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to fail when they fail , because they do n't think that 's a permanent condition .
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need testing them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , which is wrong to start all over again with the learned lessons .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
He <unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was obsessed with this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can .
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning Chinese could be helpful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw each of the strokes of each character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic is <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers .
Today I will start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can until it 's square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it were shouting at me , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally originally in the form of the flame , but I like to believe that it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call sweeping these eight characters .
They 're building blocks for many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` track . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretches their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> within the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree is pretty <unk> .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , these are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . It 's <unk> .
A door . Get a chart inside the door , it 's the <unk> door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
He hit , played is someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , <unk> , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32 .
The next eight of eight characters to build another 32 .
So with each little effort , they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that learns a Chinese eight years old .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create phrases .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the sun .
This is a sun placed in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because Chinese <unk> <unk> their enemies political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you to where it 's an exit .
This is a slide to remind you that I have to stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I would like to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four years old , saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that movie , so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raised our children in a sort of industrial <unk> response speech .
However , the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It does n't start that trend .
The trend actually took 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal kid and a little <unk> kid who had a little <unk> kid who was dressed in the enemy of the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz is doing today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy .
You use magical shoes to defeat armies used by the computer of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started noticing this when I did `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
It 's three years old .
He was n't invited to projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of supervision had halved , so slid the room in the room , and he was shocked as a mother leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , <unk> , everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke is one of the military to overthrow government ?
Let 's contrast this with the magician 's magician of 1939 .
How do you win Dorothy his film ?
We do good ones with all of them , and it 's a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow Oz , OK ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much strength , F , force in the movies for our kids , and so little of the yellow brick path ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know that the experience <unk> does n't provide the right frame that would have served to navigate the right frame that would be mixed . I think at the time of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up , because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat a villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other adventures or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are many exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , they 're not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend girls , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , as real and lovely , like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being a war movie .
Of course , the most successful topic of all time continues on <unk> after classical , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Do you remember what the criticism did when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a princess 's film .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop !
Well , almost none of these films , the proof of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
There 's still no roots and it 's spreading , but maybe today we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the middle of the 1980s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions you should ask : in the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid that you like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and they talk about things between each other .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movies we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , the success of Oscar , an idea of consensus that is a Hollywood film .
Virtually , the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the hostages crisis .
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide-and-seek , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular films , how many of them believe you have female actors ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted ever in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of the mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
Nor do I think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do n't they learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the paper of a male hero is to beat a villain with violence , and then charge of the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't speak ?
Are we telling that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world , and this very alarming statistic and we want to make it away .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , `` <unk> <unk> is going to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ? ''
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I 'm mostly talking to parents .
I think we have to show our children , a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars , you know what she responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that nobody knows more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help us reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want to know less stories where my son is telling my son : `` Go and fight only and more stories where your job is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz . ''
Thank you .
As a kid , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I loved the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered with sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me get back .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and the archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles in length .
And my sea biscuits had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to do a map of the past , I knew I had to do otherwise .
I want to show you how different you see when you use infrared .
This is a place located at the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in simple view , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the ancient Egyptian activities .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire , about 4,000 years ago .
The place is in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that we were located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , <unk> inside the red circles here , but somewhere within this huge plain plain data .
This area is enormous , it 's about six times a mile <unk> .
And before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , he moved to the east and covered the whole city .
So how to find a city city in a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find that randomly would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with the blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA 's data data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We could see where the Nile was going .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this area slightly high that you see inside the circle here , that we thought could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists by doing sampling jobs , and you can see it here .
When I say to sampling it , it 's like the footage of it shows , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , below a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters below , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same time that we believe is <unk> .
We also found <unk> works , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not very much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire used in the Middle Empire , these are the stones they were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation which rise of the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still did n't find <unk> here , but we 'll go back to the place in a near future to localize this .
And more importantly , we have the resources to train Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was probably written in <unk> , 4,000 years ago .
Sharing is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So according to it , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen really started in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts marine shells into perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door 's door .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now we 've got a bunch of obese obese group on bicycles .
They 're competing at a bike bike race , and they 're going into their front door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
They collide from the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
In the lobby , in the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light shines about the <unk> of <unk> .
You 're waving with your hand .
From his chair on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur blue putting yourself in your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you know it 's about to go into the mouth .
Put it on one side and enter your living room .
Already in the room , and doing maximum use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on your center table , singing , `` Let me give you One More Time '' .
Now follow me in my kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow road path , and since the oven comes to you , the man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> de hands , jumping to you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , and waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise man .
There were several men , and a few ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They 're going to get the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
I spent entire poems in just minutes .
You could n't see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards in a deck of cards .
And I was like , `` This is amazing . ''
These people have to be the phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the better trained memories .
And I said , `` Ed , when do you realize you were a sage ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a sage .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody involved in this competition is saying they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using some old techniques , invented a 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used <unk> to memorize their speeches , and the medieval academics used to just memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Well , how did I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the hall of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a deck of cards live on national television .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
So , do you have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work , and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that I did n't even remember it had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see how our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . In he was based on firefly Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went in a afternoon in the public Library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I go back , I read a lot of treaties on the written memory of something over 2,000 years in Latin , in the <unk> , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I 've learned is that there was a time where this idea of having a trained , disciplined memory was n't a thing as weird as you might like to be like today .
A long time ago , people put in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world possible , but they 've also changed us .
They 've been culturally changed , and I would say that they have changed as well .
As we have no need to remember , sometimes we have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you 're still passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not very unique ; there 's skills like this worldwide .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College in London invited a memory champions , to the lab .
Do you want to know : Is it that they have brains in some ways , structural , different <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
They 're just more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
Once there was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control that you compared to .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as <unk> numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory ' champions , they 're going to spread out parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament for competitive memorizing is driven by an armed career where someone year comes to someone with a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get on the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of pretty nice cards that he 's about to try to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented , and he just dominates .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> binary digits .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competence , absolutely all the techniques that psychologists used in the end is just reduced to a single concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It 's illustrates with an elegant paradox , which is known as the `` <unk> paradox . '' It says the following : I tell you two people who remember the same word . I tell you . `` Remember a man named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , the different ability to remember ; that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance through their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use white hats .
They have eaten flour .
It 's good when they go home to work .
You probably know that one baker .
And when we did that word for the first time , we started putting up <unk> <unk> at some point back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this dates about 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` memory palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> I attended a lawsuit .
They had hired him like entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't wear a DJ , you 'd get to a poet .
He stood up , he took his memory poem , and left , and so soon it was , the bathroom classroom was collapsed .
It 's killing killing everyone .
But not only killed everyone , but it shattered the bodies , left unrecognizable .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford them .
One tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only one survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed my eyes and realized that with his eyes of his mind , I could see where every guest had been sitting .
I took the relatives of his hand <unk> where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> noticed at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable space .
If you let me tell you that I 'm going to tell you the first 10 words of history that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find it very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you 're sitting on the horse , you brown <unk> in his lobby , you would be able to <unk> them .
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind , and it 's <unk> from images with things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , is the picture , more memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first <unk> of memory , Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do it from memory , the same way that I 'd done with you if you had been invited by <unk> , 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of <unk> , crazy image , crazy and unforgettable to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine walking into your house , and seeing the <unk> of the <unk> , is mounted on Mr. Ed .
And that 's what you 'd remember to you , you want to introduce Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that particular anecdote that you want to count .
And then they would come into the kitchen , and the fourth subject you 're talking about would be that strange journey that you did for a whole year , and you have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how <unk> <unk> are like the <unk> , no word for word , which are going to confuse you , but typical .
In fact , the typical `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about oratory and rhetoric with this sort of spatial terms .
The phrase , `` First , '' it would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got from full of it .
I went to some of these memory competence , and I had the idea of writing something about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets in front of them .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in his place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought into a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was <unk> fun .
I would never have expected that .
It was fun , because it was n't just training memory .
What 's actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked up a lot with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some <unk> glasses covered with tape , leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could join , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could be a good destination to all my research .
The problem was that the experiment was out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice power to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and it 's actually not the point .
These are just tricks . They 're going to show that they work .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put them up to build magazines of memory or memorize <unk> , and to benefit with a little insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention to .
You know , when you focus on it deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
You 've got a kind of deep processing , a kind of whole attention that most of us are not <unk> around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
This is how things become memorable .
And if there is something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side , are we going to be so <unk> that we 're not even going to be able to process in depth ?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so we would take it just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I am from N. Jersey , I was six and I lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the room of being up .
And there everyone spent time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody was going to see me and I would go back and I would wrapped up in a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , and he hated it .
I hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , not from division of areas , but of those visceral and emotional connections that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And no wonder we 're feeling like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines in ways that we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you , you think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that this is why it 's based on a building built a thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that 's used the architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , a long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful because building things is frightening .
It 's costly , it takes a lot of time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they would prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that 's done in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , he has a dome -- it has this round , columns , red brick , which let 's get <unk> , which is about communicating with this building : children , ownership values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , to the other side of the country , became another library , which it looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So , how is it that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects that are constantly making new technologies , new intuitions , new solutions for the forms of life today .
We 're going to push them and push it so much and push it so much , we completely get away from people .
All of the black , we 're all excited . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead because we do n't have another option .
We have to go to the other side and go back and connect with those symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , and so we 're going to start experimenting with the pendulum backwards and over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It has to do with concrete .
That 's what you can guess .
They were small , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we get to the 1980s , and we started taking those symbols .
Let 's get the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways that we know and <unk> them .
We added neon and added cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets of <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be formed medieval <unk> .
The shapes would be made up , they won and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
It would grow up to the size of the buildings .
insane .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial centers , and we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
They 'll possibly have endless little sticks sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated other places of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , that 's not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the <unk> <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions , and a few ways that would be embedded against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have absolutely <unk> .
Normally the pendulum <unk> the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It is the Guggenheim of Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of these rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , were completely according to a building .
The New York Times <unk> this miraculous building .
<unk> in Bilbao went up in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible that will be ubiquitous across the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
Same thing was made by the top mayors of the world .
So everyone believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning new millennium with other star architects .
It happened to biomimicry and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the new millennium at the new millennium , actually began to happen with all the architecture -- digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption .
Think about , for example , how architecture consume .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked until the next town to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers , and the building is carried beyond physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because the architecture is so fast .
It does n't be accurate for a lot of time to think about a building .
You need a lot of time to build a building , three or four years old , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before you know what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was n't a two-year movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we had no idea how much of them .
That 's never going to happen again . I think , because we are at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator revolution , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until it 's going to be on both extremes , pretty <unk> , and it was effectively <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can do almost instant symbols , an emotional burden of something completely new .
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We went on to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a town called <unk> Island in New York City .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked like exactly the finished product , no surprises .
The building was going to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that one made of the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , you become part of the personal narrative , and that does <unk> with collective memory , and when you charge these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , we 're going to first move on the Internet for `` New libraries . ''
We were bombarded with examples of experiment , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of <unk> , people in <unk> , and tell them that there are no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experience .
It 's all different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless public not accepts anything I 've never seen before .
Architects can hear , and one is not left to intimidate by architecture .
That means the pendulum <unk> it from one way to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions to the problems that are facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that tomorrow 's buildings will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical mimic of red brick with ideas that should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 'll finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or for yoga , or you can even get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream by swimming on the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars from the united community around that cause , is no longer a customer .
It means no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of names , so imprisonment , and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more green , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the walk of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and he started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
He 's laughing and <unk> , and it does all those big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Now , apparently , all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this , and it made me think , when do you stop doing this ?
How is it that we suddenly are not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people Google Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
He 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's got a little bit of fear , it 's a bit confused , because , even though his mom tells him all the time that it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells her it 's ugly .
And so your mom tells him and what his friends , or fellow school , say , you do n't know who to believe .
So a video of herself makes it on YouTube , and he says others please please give a comment : `` Am I nice or am I ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , that they do n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these responses at one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable .
Thousands of people are posting movies like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it carrying to do ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under low pressure and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like '' -- by talking , sharing , publishing , this is never finished .
Never before we have been so connected , very continuously , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that you 're going from hand with that is just cold .
This environment , of being always connected , is attached to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I '' and the kinds of comments that they get .
There 's no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is real or what it is .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is digitally manipulated .
What is the most prominent thing in someone 's life in front of that is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people will compare .
But the kids are n't immune to this .
Like those of the superheroes of the sports stars , the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we 're sure we want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're a good individuals .
But in a obsessed culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to look at the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six out of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't see nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities of its growth as human beings and as contributors to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , and they 're going to be involved in the classroom 's classroom , because they do n't want to attract attention to their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes for the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the season of exams , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a smaller note on the average of your fellow partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it 's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> academic performance .
And there 's also health care .
The adolescents with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're involved in more healthy no than they can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily removed by the people around them and are at more risk of depression .
And we thought it 's all about what 's all about what they make more risky decisions , like alcohol and drugs , dramatic diets , aesthetic diets , aesthetic relationships , <unk> sex , and without protection and damaging damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing into the healthcare system , and our government costs it for billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or do n't have higher rates of absenteeism .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure in the way they see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
We 've got this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , for sure , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key forms . The first is we have to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was really surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing the situation .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our kids follow , not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are key points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
One education is fundamental , but facing this problem , it requires each one of us to take the driver 's seat and be a better model for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging today 's status as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in hair or the size of their breasts , or a realization that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people by what they are , not by what they look like .
All of us can start by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , `` When was the last time you 'd ever get a mirror ? ''
In summary , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to be valuing their entire person , valuing the individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who really make a difference on a pedestal .
I 'm going to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be those who come out on the big screen because we only will create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they see they 're never going to be those who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
A wife ?
My sister ?
A daughter ?
A niece ? Your friend ?
Could it be just the woman who 's two feet away . What would it mean for it if they were released from that voice <unk> inside , that haunts him not to have long legs , thighs else , the shortest <unk> , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we did this , and we unlock the potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all together .
But let 's bring our children the truth .
What the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and because they make us feel .
I 'm going to take your self-esteem on the rsums on our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we speak and compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of today 's age , become insurance agents of themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meir <unk> , the leader of the Defense League Defense .
At the end initially , they were interested in innocent , but being in prison for other minor charges , in others ' company , started planning about 12 of New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans will be given by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the pump of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't be avoided .
It would be convicted of their participation in this bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , a love of American mother , elementary school , in the two made all possible for me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims get to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't take a lot to want the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who were becoming so empowered to their convictions that they think we need to use all of the possible media for everyone to live as them .
A few months before arrest , he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , had been going to graduate training in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I hit , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot her little orange light on the goal , and , by surprise , especially of me , the entire goal broke out on fire .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Such a parent , that son .
Everybody , the comment had a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw it in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a run up with 700 pounds of explosives on the subway tower in the North Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt other people 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to be .
When I turned 19 , I had been moving 20 times , and that instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone already was time to pack up and go to another city .
Because it was always me the new face of the class that was often a victim .
<unk> secret My identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was going to go home by reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , they did n't develop social skills , to put it gently . If we grow <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was opera raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So , how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences they put in the test for my thinking , was during the presidential election elections .
In a <unk> program I was involved in the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group got into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , in the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who we had done , was Jewish .
So I took a few days out to the light this detail , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and I frankly felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had been asked to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job by Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience turned out to be fundamental in the development of my character .
The entire life had taught me that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
As a chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most kind and least critical I 'd ever seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy for others , but it was n't easy for me to treat a nice person , exactly the way I wish I wish to be treated .
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what it 's like to be homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping you see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways he turned my genomes in a moment in which I was desperately grateful .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish man would have had a better influence in my own life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother , how I was changing my mind , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has been having enough with endless dogmatism and he said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why would I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who is going to take to violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which , even though I gave this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to get a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , talking , against those meaningless acts , as I reject my father 's actions .
With this simplicity here , I 'm showing that the violence is not inherent to any religion or race , which kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that is projects in their minds .
It 's an amazing film .
It 's in 3D , and it 's got the sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
You feel your body , your pain , your hunger .
It 's emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the mind of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know that I have a conscience .
I 'm not sure you 're aware of you .
Consciousness is also reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just robots that we 've got to produce what we 've got to produce results without experience the internal film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost everything in the 20th century , I think that vision .
The psychology was objectively in the case , the neuroscience is studying the objectively , but never nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
<unk> , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
They were improvising like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now is the time for science to transcend consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
And we saw some of this kind of fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces , or to feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain types of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain brain areas do , and what it did .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I do n't believe neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't you address the real mystery of this matter : Why do all the physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we can not understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emergent phenomenon like <unk> , like <unk> , and we 're going to find explanation .
Now the topics are all cases of emergent behaviors , how they operate the <unk> , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , they are all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk around , how we 're talking about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't really have a lot to say .
I 'm a materialistic heart of heart .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But ultimately , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a wonderful string of wonderful , great explanations . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is kind of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't yet know how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
Its crazy idea is that there is no such thing that is difficult for consciousness .
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or a confusion .
Actually , what you have to do is explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's how all that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to just denying the observation of consciousness being satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time that remains , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks , space , time and mass .
<unk> laws of fundamental laws that govern , like laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties are not explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , they look very fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the fundamental list will increase .
In the 19th century , theoretical phenomena found that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , which is space , space , time , mass laws . So we applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws are govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , we have space , space , time , load , then by logic , you have <unk> .
The more natural it would be <unk> the same as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean , suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens the way to prove scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
And physicists sometimes tell you that we want fundamental laws that we are doing in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we can put them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can be a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan '' for the mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when he thinks , `` Oh , always travel at the speed of light .
I ca n't slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , no .
But thinking is , perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling , subjective sense , some <unk> precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How do anybody think so crazy ?
This is partly from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , is natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to be <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that we 're going to think about with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is consciousness processing .
We 've got complex <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
<unk> of simple information , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the level of an integrated information in a system .
And you 're supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible high degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a very significant level of information integration , just a lot of significant awareness of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is smaller , but it 's not zero .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness , there 's still a different level of consciousness .
In fact causing a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate the awareness of the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk to us about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the equations come out ? ''
Since vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive kind of additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to prescribe our relationship with nature , and it can have pretty serious social and ethical consequences .
Some may be <unk> .
I used to think that I had nothing to eat consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think by thinking about this , this tends to transform your views , whereas what matters in terms of ethical and moral considerations , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask awareness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the view of information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are no serious ethical problems that are really serious about the ethic of smart computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask the consciousness of whole collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk -- right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies of every single parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you should take seriously .
So this vision is <unk> , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer at the first idea of the crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , that in the second , it 's universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , how , how are these bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path towards serious awareness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait for it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally go to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village .
I had a very normal profile , low profile profile .
I went to school , I stood up with my friends , I stood up with my minor sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to <unk> it for a community award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile at my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series , `` The <unk> is Creek , '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know that . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a high school school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the middle of the middle of legal trials , a kid raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
I said , `` What is the speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about defamation law by a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in front of wheels , they talk about things like <unk> in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabled people as an inspirational objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the kid , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage with what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for you to inspire it . Right ?
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid we 're afraid of dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to the disability .
Yes , they have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one , `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the little girl without a pen that was sustained by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs with carbon fiber artificial legs .
And there 's a lot of these images that are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use porn term to deliberately , because we 've got a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So , in this case , we would teach the disabled in the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , so bad that it 's my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the count of the number of times that you 've approached me strange to express that I 'm a brave or an inspirational source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I got up in the morning , and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , <unk> people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled is actually a tough thing .
Let 's give some things .
But the things that we 're facing is not the things that you can think of .
They are not things relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I was telling you the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to get the best of your ability to do , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking their best .
So is it really just <unk> in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people tell us , `` You 're a source of inspiration , '' he says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm looking at the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh , God , <unk> , are you not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And I know I am .
It 's about other disabled people at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm tougher than them .
You know , it 's a great idea to use some barbecue 's idea to pick up the things that you fall down , and you get the clever trick of how to charge your mobile phone battery on the battery .
Great .
We learn from the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that they have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us the hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a stretch of stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a TV screen wo n't appear for the deaf people .
Nor do a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and be able to buy a positive attitude to turn all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' -- you do n't consider anything to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be <unk> by getting up of bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value achievement genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a kid at 11 grade in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think about about it , I know what it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
What is the average speed of a swallow without any charge ?
Unfortunately , I 'm going to just respond to one of those questions , so please do n't get wet .
When people think about augmented reality , they think about `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise flying flying in the air , but the augmented reality is not science fiction .
Now , augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because the reality of augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets you see what I see .
Let me experience what it is to be a professional athlete .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you have with your imagination .
We can use Glass Glass underneath a helmet and know what 's running for the <unk> field at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a Type pounds , we can tell you , trying to figure it out .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
Let 's give you some videos to show you what is using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not pictures of NFL practices , because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up on the surface . But we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible being <unk> .
A moment . Let 's get a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that we lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , courtesy of the University of Washington .
<unk> .
Blue 8 , eight ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the country being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , and you can see from the angle of a field <unk> angle .
Or from a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go off with it , and how did we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which probably many people know .
The <unk> Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap enough .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a Russian rollercoaster for his life .
What will be the experience of a fan when you put a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , kicking an arm before running and doing an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I 'm going to be <unk> , running through the court , throwing the ball back to the bottom of the network , or would you try to make a Wimbledon person ?
What will be your experience when you stop a mountain to more than 100 miles an Olympic skier ?
Maybe they would get rid of diapers for adults .
But this is not yet augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do you get augmented reality , <unk> ?
It 's augmented reality , when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners watching the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they 're always using technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put together a <unk> to their fieldwork so they would play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL on the NFL was placed in the field of countryside and after the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine you 're a player going back to your group , and you see your next one you 're shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting one one .
or by <unk> strategy .
They just go out to the countryside and react .
And coaches want because they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate parties .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategies handbook .
Augmented reality is a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would it be ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people that are down .
You also get the data from the tapir 's sensors and <unk> , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know the send .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to lead to the good teams of bad guys .
So , your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis let 's just stop being nerds .
And also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field of field .
Let 's get the ball and <unk> .
<unk> an open receiver . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to be <unk> . Normally , it would n't , but the system of <unk> tell you .
It 's going to go to the protection area .
Another flashlight would tell you that there 's an open receiver .
Put the ball down , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where it lands . However , the receiver sees the bombsight in their bombsight , which is <unk> and it can alter the race .
He 's approaching , he grabbed the ball , running and puts it .
The audience crazy , and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make a lot of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to do n't be .
But what I ask you to do is , do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth with <unk> .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher trying to show in the classroom , trying to show a <unk> , how is their actions from the victim perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay guy in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being pursued ?
How much does it be for a <unk> Hadfield <unk> or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality is about .
The questions we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend , as always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
And most of those 23 years ago , I 've spent the southern <unk> of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known in the world by its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspiring architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate bridge was open to 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , chief chief engineer to build the bridge , said , `` The bridge is practically proof of suicide .
<unk> from the bridge is no practical or practical . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some believe that travel between the two towers will lead to another dimension , so that each of it has idealized , so that each of it is freed up from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go below <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free drop of four to five seconds , the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact break bone , some of which <unk> organs .
Most people die in the impact .
Those of you who do n't usually get stuck in the water , and then they drowned .
I do n't think that we 've got this suicide method realize the death of the death that they 'll face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people are going to have to get away from life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in their darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service to those who were going to kill suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , government officials and psychologists train the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year by getting a call of a suicide subject sitting in the <unk> near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I watched Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old and I had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up here twice before from New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we asked us if we knew the story about Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
Out of her came out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box , and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments ago , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken life .
I talked to the parents of Jason Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , I did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
Coral damage will affect a lot of people .
I ask these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or loved people were suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What do you say ?
In my experience , you do n't only have to talk , but you have to hear .
Listening to understanding .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think somebody is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and asking the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other people in the same circumstances have thought about ending their life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
You know , you can save the person in front of you can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Others sign to search for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to improve ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you his letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of January , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell their friends and so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing it more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come back home .
Mike was driving <unk> to San Francisco to see the 49 <unk> with his father on the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the police of <unk> and has reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and they reported that the Mike 's car was below the bridge .
A witness had seen that jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are you for your fight .
The Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , let 's zoom in . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean by hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call for a <unk> subject on the sidewalk near the <unk> tower .
I <unk> my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , it immediately crossed the railing , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next hour and the next time , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his account that day back on that lane and give the life another chance .
And when Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
This is a new beginning , a new life .
But I asked him , `` What did it make you go back and gave him hope and life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard you .
I stopped talking and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to give it to you .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase the events on March 11th , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was helping .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly <unk> .
You got to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all of those <unk> traits , but thank God , now we know .
Kevin is in order , as it says .
We thank God for you .
`` <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's Hospital that night , you 're going to show up as the patient .
`` Well I did have to solve it ! ''
Kevin is a loving father and active of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and of their depression that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite the end of its own pain , theft of the chance to meet him .
This is what suicide .
For most people who are suicide , or those who consider suicide , would n't think about hurting someone else .
They just want their own pain to it .
Typically , this is actually true of three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and death calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents where I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about him about an hour .
During that time , I was holding my hand in three times .
At the end , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge is not going to be extinct .
In addition , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they leave the second that they leave the railing realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and each of us must be able to do .
suicide can be avoided .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but inside you , you know what you are , and a question makes you , how do you become that ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way .
When I became a model , I felt that I finally had this dream that I had ever had .
My outside finally <unk> with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , the ones that I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you succeeded , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We 're all <unk> our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin of skin , or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I controlled as a kid at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always wore this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why are you always wearing that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
The gender is always considered a unchanging thing , but we now know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to tell you to share my story , not because I thought that I 'm a bad thing , but how the world comes to those of us who want to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , my dad and a family who take me like me .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 , when I was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why have you not been involved in beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she participated , he was responsible for the tuition and the costumes , and that night , he won in a bathroom , won in a <unk> suit , and he was third finalist between 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty <unk> .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of queen 's beauty Queen , but I can .
I also met the homeless goddess , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me , and he told me that passed my request from the green card that could go to the United States .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called myself and said , `` You know , if you 'll hear the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to you that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also sat down when I had my surgery surgery in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the more rural , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done before the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and the `` F '' of gender of gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , the identity of identity means power or power to get a drink , but for me was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who was living his truth , but , <unk> , he put his life back .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 in November we do a global waking by <unk> <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , because of a long story of people who were going to go and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of my closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone , and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , nor fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day no longer ever anymore than 20 of November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you , thank you all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , especially my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , who I 've met , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that some times that point is not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to go to them , and this is a conversation that we should
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . <unk> : Thank you .
In many <unk> and tribal societies , they usually meet them for their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who is known for their daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education in 2007 , and when they went through their efforts in 2011 , when he gave the National Prize visit of peace , it became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now her father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if a look at the history of humanity , the history of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in <unk> societies , just from the beginning , when a little girl , her birth is not celebrated .
It 's not that welcome , nor for his father , nor for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives her back to the mother and no one to father .
And a mother 's a lot of drives a little girl .
When you light the first little girl , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When you give birth to the second daughter , he becomes <unk> , and with the hope of a child , when she <unk> his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , it 's also suffering as well .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , he stays at home and school admits of his siblings .
Up to age 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and you can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , it takes me to go out of his house without a male <unk> .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his brothers and his family , and if I put the code of that honor , I could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that this sort of honor code , not only is the life of a young girl , also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor .
And there 's a single norm of the <unk> societies that is called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criterion .
The model of a good girl should be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet and accepts their father 's decisions and their mother and decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If the marry with a man who does n't like it or marry an old man , he has to accept it , because he does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If you get a young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` <unk> , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson from obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle continues and it goes on .
I 'm born brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , but when I was there and I looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty , a legendary legendary of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I plotted my pen , I plotted in a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years old , he 's my school .
You might ask , why should I mention the admission of a girl at a school ?
Yes , I should have mentioned .
You can give it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in <unk> societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
An admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations of which it can explore their potential for the future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they 'd be surprised , two weeks earlier , when they did the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters in any document .
That was why I value my daughter .
What my father could n't afford to give my sisters or their daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and <unk> of my daughter .
I 'd put them to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
And encouraged me to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to lie in their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get them .
I 've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education to the emancipation .
He taught my daughters , taught the students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
They raised brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal to human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
He was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls , they banned girls to school .
Women were forced to use them , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , girls ' girls and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked about , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and rent when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , I stood up and raised by the right to education .
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog , offered herself for the New York Times documentaries , and I talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They 're <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , was shot in the head .
It was a <unk> day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to my ear to my wife , `` I should blame me for what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
E <unk> said , `` Please , do n't get bored .
Let 's get the right cause .
<unk> your life at play because of the truth of peace , and because of the reason for education , and your daughter was inspired by you and she joined you .
They were both on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These little words , I 've got a lot of words for me , and I did n't ask you again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that would lie on my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
It used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , <unk> my face .
I 'll be okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we got to <unk> .
He <unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the harder times , and I 'm pleased to share with you that even though it 's an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 year-old girl .
He 's crying when he 's not his homework .
They 're fight with her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special in my mentoring that has made so audacious , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm telling you , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't do .
I did n't cut off your wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain for 18 years , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> to my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I get to Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you 're attached to a brain operation .
Are you still being the same as clever or not ?
It 's not going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did nothing , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations of combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get in , to keep living with life .
More than a time I 've been saved by little .
But thankfully , I have a soul by <unk> , so I decided to do it to do to be able to get the <unk> doses because there really does n't really exist a clear map that I 'm going to tell you about .
I started to try and mix different <unk> , and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed , and my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly awesome case : for a few months , I made dose and chemical doses for a <unk> man , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always raging , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person in the world , and I thought , of course , a lot of times in the past , I 've met many guys like this , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , in fact , insecure , fixing a problem that had in front of it , and just not to happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of the men and what they have to go through . I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is to get these hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was back my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always thinking in images , and that became my key reference point : how I 'm using those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to have new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
It 's like Hume , Descartes , Hobbes , looked at things similar .
They thought that images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . It 's simple for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have a lot of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and very structured .
Now , I 'm working on how fast these mental images , my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use his imagination just to lead the world in front of it ?
Or if a musician could extract the music from his head ?
There 's amazing possibilities with this , as the way the creative people can share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to achieve this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups leading in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , and it 's very functional magnetic resonance , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scanning of the brain of a person who looks at an image .
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual while imagining , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created by the center of the central column on the left . You see the difference .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that exact same picture is almost labeled .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , as their brains were embedded in order to create a large drone pool in the brain of video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as they were getting a new scan .
The computer , using only the brain information of the scanning to show what it looked like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the <unk> of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This was <unk> .
We 're right about this .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it creates the same mapping of the brain .
This was done with the <unk> brain scanning systems available today , and its resolution is increased as a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we get it ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening your skull and put electrodes together .
I 'm not giving myself for that .
A lot of them are proposing new techniques of screening techniques , including me , including me with the recent MRI outcome , first we need to ask the following , is this technology going to be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , most <unk> magnets offered only small improvements in resolution , not gains for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in exchange of clever and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and <unk> radio receivers in the MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use magnetic magnetic patterns based on the FM of radio radio .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of radio radio processing , we can actually increase <unk> , the information that you can get in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide into our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood of <unk> blood , but the hormones and let me tell you that I mentioned , and maybe even <unk> neural activity . This is the dream .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas to put our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and diseases .
We have a few choices more than opening this door .
Anyway , choose one year , would happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to take a lot more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Her closet may be to tell some person for the first time , or tell somebody who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life .
Everything is a tough conversation , and even though our subjects can vary tremendously , the experience of being lived in the experience and having come out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : not <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> made Franco , like a litany .
And I 'll be slope that for the <unk> of my short pants , and I 'd put my head down , and I 'd put my head back to me , and I 'd like a little kid , `` Hey , you 're a kid ? ''
And there was an awkward silence on the table .
I got my jaw a little bit more , I would take my jaw a little bit more , I 'll give it my coffee with a little bit of rage .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold of her son .
But I would n't say anything , and hold it inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised the next time I would say something .
It would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues at the table . I had the quotes from Betty <unk> .
Brazil 's quotes .
Even a fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I took a deep breath and I went down and my back down a little girl , four year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a mourning feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question , `` You 're a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back again , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of confusing .
I have a little hair 's hair like a kid , and I 'm watching a kid , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajama . ''
And that girl looked at me at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was . It 's just `` Ah , <unk> you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest , easy conversation I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both of us , was honest at one with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how one feels like living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is n't different from yours or yours or yours .
Sure , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I 'm going to get out of my closet , but this is the issue : The hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to tell someone that they 've declared online banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm saying is more difficult to say to your five-year-old who are going to be <unk> ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop mapping the things that is difficult to make any other person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we have to just feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can feel security , or at least security than the other side of the door is offered .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what the walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine himself 20 years ago .
I , who had a tail line , a dress and high-heeled shoes .
He was not lesbian militant lesbian to fight for any four year-old child walking into the coffee .
I was frozen by the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and the moving one muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever did .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be disappointed , and now the world was turning around the purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , kill you .
One of my <unk> launches was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time many of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing my <unk> <unk> in my black dress and heels . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents ' friends were known to me .
And after speaking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Did you ever think you were in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program Will and Grace .
And you know who loves us ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but in waiting for my support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally he said , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as you have all the grenades launchers .
Sure , there might be easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask someone , but do they work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
This is how hard conversations are still going to be my strong point .
Ask anyone who I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> of the <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Hold armor . Be you .
That girl in the cafe did n't have armor but I was ready for battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others must know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be a good one . Just take it off . Let 's move your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you 're going to go .
If you say their parents maybe could be gay , they 'll maintain the hope that that could change .
They wo n't give them a false hope .
And number three , and more important -- let 's get complex .
You communicate your truth .
You would never get distracted by that .
And some of you can get hurt hurt , you know , they 've never been sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not theirs .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they might feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , an productive example has been the famous <unk> quote that `` The question of whether a machine can think '' is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim .
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of the computer as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and from the Earth 's intelligence , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that you do n't know anything about it , that does n't have any concept on Earth intelligence , you would be compelled to develop a physical theory that explained how , until some point in time , the asteroids that would take on the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped .
And so I claim that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of the intelligence .
So in this program that led to a number of years ago , we looked at a variety of topics through science , across many disciplines , that pointed out , I think , to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that <unk> the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the robots of robots to maximize future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and putting them together , asked , for a number of years : There 's an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different topics ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the equivalent of the closest equivalent to a E : = <unk> for the intelligence I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping the options open , with a T force , with the diversity of possible future future accessible , yes , until a imminent future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get caught up .
intelligence is trying to maximize freedom of action and keep the options open .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask , `` What can you do with this ? ''
How predictive is it ?
Do you have the level of human intelligence ?
Do you know artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : Well research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' for their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection if that red connection between entropy and intelligence will have a deeper relationship ?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy , but actually it arises directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system where you find it inside .
Remarkably , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , playing games of human games , and even making money market money , all of that without the right thing to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a single human standing without falling over , here we see <unk> <unk> automatically a pole .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to a goal .
He just decided he 's looking at the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technology .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that we can do a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see it successfully playing a game of <unk> against itself , providing your potential for play .
And here we see a little new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly waking up and keeping the net the good connected network .
This <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the worldwide reach of the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in defense , autonomous , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of action negotiation , successfully increasing assets under its exponentially management .
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and insurance skills .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all of you have one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term `` <unk> , '' the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you 're going to make smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
<unk> will be <unk> against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion , the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become intelligent , and then they 're going to show up and just try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take over every possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target .
They often ask me , `` How do you look for goals off from this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions on their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home .
Even though , over the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim space intensity of stars when planets go through them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler , showing the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there is between them and their parent star .
And together , this helps us understand if these planets are small and Rocky as the Earth planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have led to global scale , has rapidly moved our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say we look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and partly is why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the Curiosity <unk> tracks their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Civil companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the tantalizing chance of living on Mars .
But even though all these images , we will remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked into our imagination with <unk> , <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet , which still have to colonize , places really compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen in our forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other tones planets with a big , sad shadow : the implication and the belief and the belief that some that Mars will expect there to save us from this single planet that we know is that it 's truly livable , the Earth .
As long as the interplanetary exploration , I 'm deep disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but say that Mars is there to safeguarding humanity is like , imagine the captain of the Titanic to comment that the captain of the fact will have place later on the life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and land preservation are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces in the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments here in our world look like urinary aliens .
They 're only found closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi 's paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi 's physicist said , having in mind that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence for extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Now , one possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations are becoming technologically advanced enough to consider living between stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that are going to develop this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only the interplanetary colonization will save us , but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend into the hostile environments to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the <unk> , even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
So a few years ago , I 'd put my own house .
And while I was on the front porch and looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all right closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend of Jeff 's friend to spend a night because he had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and I 'm going to pull out of my passport and suitcase .
It 's expensive , but surely it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing right .
I 'm a neuroscientist for a career , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It gives you cortisol that increases your heart rate , gives you the levels of adrenaline and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the retail counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that I could put in place , which would make you bad things happening .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you 'll get the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts did n't go .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a bit embarrassed about him about that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me who had been practicing with something called a <unk> retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , an expert team comes and trying to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then try to figure out what can do to prevent things from happening or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is a few things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident ; they 're not very evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
At home , we 'll make a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science who supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the truth is , where the fish are , that <unk> the trees <unk> , where women live , where women are living in our own lives .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was <unk> in the London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment , they cut up the sense of sense of squirrels , and yet they could still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not as good for things that are moving a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys on the car , the glasses of reading and passports .
So at home a place for the keys , a hook to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee .
If you take a place , and you 're doing it with that , you 'll always be there when you 're looking for it .
What about the journeys ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards , license driving , passport , email themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can enable replacing it .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> the thinking .
So , part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress is not going to be at the best moment , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talking about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> to all decision-making in medical decisions , and in fact for the decision-making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from the fact that we would benefit from an rational deal of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help pay your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most <unk> drugs in the world today , and you may even know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yeah , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should be done then , a statistic that is supposed to be asked for the majority of doctors do n't want to talk , and companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number needed to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit to surgery in any medical procedure before it will help a person .
And should we think about what kind of statistical statistician is that ?
Number one must be one .
My doctor would n't give me something if it was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work so .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs is only 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needed to treat <unk> <unk> , what do you think it is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of researchers who were announcing <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I 'm myself exploring the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they were avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another <unk> event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more , a more , and it 's , `` Get out of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : they include muscle and articulate pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still taking the medicine . ''
But a moment .
remind you of stress not very clearly .
So , think about how we do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of thinking about the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped him , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
You 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number necessary to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery , the more it is done in the older men , <unk> of prostate for cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries per person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include tempted or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> <unk> .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you can argue that you would take your conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this stuff in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have an option a lot of times , you want a shorter life free of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end ?
These are the things they speak and think about now , with their family and loved ones .
They can change in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that time is that it turns out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator on face with a predator , it 's not necessary the digestive system , or the <unk> or immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things , it does n't react quickly . They could be a lions lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during these times of stress is rational , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we 've got to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all rejects .
We 're all going to fail when they are .
The idea is to think about the future how those failure might be , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place .
We went to the night in Montreal in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination along the door , with a lock on the front door in the same way , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I do n't ordered , and lots of emails I have n't read .
So I 'm not really organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more softly .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a tree of <unk> , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> ' may have , I would never go to a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American record system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own history .
The French sign language came over the decade in 1800 , and over time , they mixed with local signs , and the language of the language is that we know today as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I believed that it was true .
However , I realize that it 's not true to nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
<unk> and make that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise by eating the potato chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you make sure not <unk> the covered in the dish . ''
This is what I call this sound tag .
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm incredibly <unk> .
And I 'm always hoping with nervousness the sound that it 's going to come next .
From there , this cartoon .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain it through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , do it with my thumb , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why I have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , museums and spaces of novel galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend and that struck me .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Are you going to become more of art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't only experience through your ears .
I can feel it in a tactile way , or experience visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in sound , I decided to leave it and get them .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the arts community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that sound was oblivious , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get it to me and my artwork , or I could empower .
I chose to tell me .
There 's a mass culture around spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
So I am able to be relevant in society in the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with a lot of different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking her voices , I 'm able to hold his voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could make it happen in oblivion and do n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express on paper .
And the same thing can be said to a concept in <unk> .
The two of them are very , very high space , which means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds like sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you understand a better way to understand how it works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different parameters .
If you map a different parameter for each finger while you touch the piano , like facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of the hand and so , while the piano plays , English is a linear language , as if it would just take a key to it .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing with music in terms of tone , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> sign of that .
This is the <unk> sign on that .
I 'm watching you .
Stand at me .
Oh , I 'm going to show you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
So if I had to create a sign and you would plug it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the day sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and puts it .
This is all day . ''
If you put it up , and you get the speed , visually looking like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can be said at all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` overnight , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third needs more than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how the distance in the body can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> , two <unk> . It 's two hands , two <unk> . It 's two hands closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` Last '' -- `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea at the time , `` Once . ''
`` Common Time '' is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common '' I think automatically in the same time .
Watch <unk> : E right , E : left hand .
We have <unk> through your head and chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight <unk> ] [ Time , ] E : E , flashlight , I 'm going to show you a form of hand called a flashlight called a flashlight .
Can you do that with me ?
All of them with high hands .
Now we 're going to do it so much in the head like chest , something like `` common '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate across all cultures and language languages all over the world .
The second thing I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job everyone .
Notice how the three signs are very similar , all of them happen in your head and your chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because it does n't have any sounds , it automatically has any social value .
We have to start question what defines the social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , not you need to hear to learn music .
<unk> is a treasure trove of treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say , `` You can take it all out , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination was led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults lied to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I became older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning up the others .
The time happened , I 'm now an adult and teach citizenship and invention in the Hong Kong school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned up the beaches , and no , you 're not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's pretty scary .
And over the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those enormous boats .
So along with my students , with age six to 15 years , we dreamed of inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started to build this table of work with <unk> so that the kids too often can participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to the plastic .
We collect the plastic and we reduce it the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure it out into something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just providing information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
Then we started what we call `` a prototype . ''
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we 've done before lunch .
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see plastic bits floating through the sensor , slowly through the sensor as the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
<unk> this invention step at a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will get better even more .
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem , and bang , they 're trying to figure out immediately .
I can research my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 've got this picture .
A child , maybe shorter than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were really surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which they bathe , the water where they fish , where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , mud and oil are also brown , and when everything mixes it , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we 've built a first prototype of a sediment that can self-assemble through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other children .
[ I can investigate a problem distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe tackle a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French half French , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East Coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station close to water .
And today , according to the reports of average 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has traces from pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's kind of safe , it 's blue .
Well , it 's a little more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year from the crash and to work independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the <unk> .
Together with them , we discussed the data that day and talk about what we 're going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we have introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
We were able to notice that the radioactive powder was embedded from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But with this , we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear station to date .
We get to a mile from the nuclear plant , and with the fishermen of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracking device as we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies , and very simple technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became so small so small , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where kids 's dreams can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked questions like : can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help with the mobility of the elderly age transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastics , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , of scientific citizens , <unk> , we have to make the next generation for the environment to care about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made of thousands of steel pieces , the other one of one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One puts on the environment , the other one what it creates .
One is designed by nature , the other for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that struggle to be free .
The <unk> was unique to Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all the information that was required for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as <unk> in discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You also act as filter , the other mostly as a filter , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually through <unk> variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , twice as much as the designer 's personality and an architect working on between <unk> and the gene , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shown in the two screens behind me .
My job , on its simplest level , is trying to unite these two visions of the world moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible about 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where they connect four disciplines that are offering designers access to tools we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products and structures and tools through scales , of large-scale diameter , like this robotic arm with a <unk> basis that one day not far too far to print whole buildings , and it 's graphs to be made of genetically modified modified .
Here we have <unk> the latticework , a archetype of ancient Arabic architecture , and has created a screen where every opening opening is size to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion show in Paris with <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt between the cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This hull combines rigid and soft materials in 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a C.T . scanner .
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution to the synthetic instruments , allowing them to design products that fit not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the time , a chair at the time , and also it absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , came back to nature to inspire us , and when we design this pattern of irregular surface , it becomes <unk> .
We would take this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
It 's the surface , like in nature , changes its functionality not by addition to other material or other assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately with material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is there no parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree <unk> , there would be no difference between the trunk , branches , leaves and nuts .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land has growing trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design be like if objects were made from one piece ?
Will we come to a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree 's <unk> tree , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune into their properties , we could generate organisms to create organisms in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it <unk> . We were asking you a lot of shrimp husks and <unk> and produced paste <unk> .
They produce chemical concentrations , we 've been able to have a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
To print the structures on a large scale , it was built a system with multiple puffs of <unk> controlled .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three three feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry them dry to find a natural form of contact with air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain microorganisms , which appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard , and MIT , they <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture a rapid carbon of the atmosphere and make it sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition out of no problems of mesh lanes , and if it broadens even more , windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for <unk> objects , put in the sea , <unk> marine life , and put on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration , using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own items of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , that we can additive and form biological form .
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just rather than beautiful metal functionalities , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're going to get our own 3D channels to control the flow of these genetic bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lies in the human intestine .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other use sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , which will help that flow all these bacteria and to bring their function on their way .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we can grow the properties of the material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're getting more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when they stretch from one end to another , it takes 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our intestine thin .
And here it is , as we 're being scooped at TED , our first Campaign , the bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are every single fashion creatures , only half of it is made . ''
What if design would deliver the other half ?
What if we could create structures that make matter alive ?
And if we could create personal <unk> , that we 'll bring our skin into , can we remove the damaged tissue and count our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer printed in layers .
It 's also known that nature does n't do it that way .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
So this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're going to be <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through combination of two materials , but from two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as structure , the other one is the glue or the mater , uniting those fibers in each other .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm first goes on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts drilling in a cocoon .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a magnet that small to the head of a silk worm , to a row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture from the cocoon of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not in a box , we realized that we would have a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've found that shape , composition , the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
We often get silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates can shape raw silk without a cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot templates by making silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going to be more dark and cool , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> to a online silk farm .
And after we feed them four weeks , they were prepared to drilling with us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , they put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but a lot shorter .
Stephen Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you add biological silk about <unk> silk , you give all this pavilion that his integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , I 'm wearing silk worms , <unk> <unk> .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk arm by a robotic arm , the other hand with empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must join these two visions of the world .
What brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new design era , a new era of design , which brings us from a design inspired by nature that is inspired by nature , which requires us , for the first time , that we 're taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
You can <unk> with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Three . Three . Five .
Now raise your hand if you say , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and <unk> and art site , plus , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having dedicated time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of mine , this is no longer a challenge anymore , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I got bored with something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to leave you with it , and I 'm going to leave you , and I 'm like , `` Yeah ! I 've found my thing , '' and then again this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and <unk> to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad at me was n't going to be presented with nothing .
I was worried to be afraid of commitment , or being dispersed , or to be dispersed or to my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask myself , then .
Ask yourself , where they learned assign the meaning of evil or abnormal things to do things .
I 'll tell you where you learned it : the culture of the culture .
We ask first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what we 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to cause nice answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to make the Halloween suit here .
So this question is about us over and over again as you grow up of various ways , <unk> , from high school students , ask you that you 're going to pick in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise in which it takes us sleep .
Why ?
If this issue inspires kids to dream with what they might be , it does n't inspire dreaming of everything that might be .
In fact , it does n't do the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , although you ask well-intentioned adults maybe laugh and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs and he 's craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Ng , editor of magazine converted into <unk> , <unk> , a professor and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of <unk> is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to be able to spend during your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected to this way ?
What if there are a lot of different themes to wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody in that framework .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel it has no goal .
And you feel that there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many creative interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath like that .
It could help if you divide it into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms , and you can use the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
In the Renaissance age , the ideal was who was fine tied in multiple disciplines .
Barbara refers to us as `` scanners . ''
They 're doing whatever term you like or make yourself .
It seems to me as a species to adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with an identity .
It 's easy to see how limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
There are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressing their interests shared on cartography , visualization of data , travel , mathematics and design , by finding <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired by telescopes geographically .
And <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea of their eclectic colorful skills of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's the new ideas .
And <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second superpower superpower <unk> is fast learning fast .
When we <unk> them , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because we 've been a lot of times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid to try and try to test new things and get out of our comfort zones .
Many abilities are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area that we 're going to pursue , so we rarely started zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> , <unk> time .
As a girl pianist refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial city .
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for publishers .
It 's rarely a loss of time to devote what you 're drawn to , even if you eventually drops out .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a whole different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . That is , it 's the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , designer designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes he seemed , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take different roles , depending on the needs of his clients .
The Fast Company Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can afford to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> of ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three abilities that could be lost if you 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , we have multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to cope with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They <unk> out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams get up in a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
Now , the specialist can dive deep and put in practice , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that were connected with the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , we 've got to encourage them in a large part of them that are just encouraging them to just be more like their fellow specialized partners .
Once you say this , if there 's one thing you 're going to take from this talk , I hope it 's : <unk> with your inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going through all the media .
That 's where you will give the best of itself .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , I 'm going to get you with your many passions .
Keep your curiosity through these rabbit <unk> .
<unk> the intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring is leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most important , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the 1901 year , a woman called <unk> led to a psychiatric person in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> , but I would get rid of it until , unfortunately , it passed away in 1906 .
After his death , they <unk> an autopsy , and they found weird plates , and it goes back into the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The even more surprising .
If you were living in living today , we could n't give her more aid than the one that was made by the top of it .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
In terms of documenting medicine , it 's very advanced .
There are antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , many treatments for cancer , which for HIV , <unk> for HIV and much more .
But it 's kind of progressed in treating Alzheimer 's .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're waiting to live up to 85 years or more , the chance to get Alzheimer 's to be almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the probability of you have the chance you have in Alzheimer 's or helping care to a friend or loved with Alzheimer 's .
In the United States , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of health care is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today it 's the most expensive disease , and the cost required a four-fold increase in the year 2050 , as the generation of the boomers older .
You may be surprised , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been done relatively little to fight .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death of the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one who can not prevent or cure or even slow their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer 's research than Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that we get more Alzheimer 's and causes a long year about deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think that will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy old brain , compared to the one patient of Alzheimer 's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage the brain caused by Alzheimer 's greatly reduces life expectancy , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and it makes it weird in the <unk> brain a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami .
There are places on the paper that they 're <unk> .
And when it folds right , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules being <unk> in each other , forming groups that can make big plates and it rolls .
That 's what we see in patient 's patients with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying what happened is complex , like defuse a bomb .
You can do anything .
They 're going to make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that blocked it , and then create a drug that you do .
Until recently , most of the people have reduced the wires and predicted the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , physicists , engineers , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now this is testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this way to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at a few videos from what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving normally .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick to each other inside of them , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this sample that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope that can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to defeat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to figure out that Alzheimer 's disease , and if we tried , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have more research and pressure pressure and pressure pressure , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and the legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients ca n't often speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones and night , are often too reluctant to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain running the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , which ca n't create the change that they need for themselves .
Let me talk for them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the column of Modern Love in the New York Times , in January of this year .
In love with someone , I do this .
The article about a psychological study designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience as I test it myself at the same time in the summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : two strangers are going to be done to get more and more personal questions , and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of example of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd ever come to someone else ?
And just ?
Now , you 've got to go through , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about it or her , I know very honest this time , and I gave things that I do n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I first came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to be in .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send them to the spinal Love of Modern Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you probably wonder : Are you together ?
And the reason I think this is why I think this is because I 've done this question again and again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the article was published , I was really nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been reminded of writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article at the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views .
And that took a good burden of attention to a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog .
And Sunday , I had already called the `` Today Show and The Good <unk> America America . ''
In a month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage you writing with sincerity about their romantic experiences , but another thing is to find that the loving life of one has been international news , and the people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people were calling or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always did the same question : do they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search at the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Do n't go together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers and strangers like this .
I was interviewing me on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , <unk> where are your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , which included the experience of readers to the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first urge to all this attention was to be very reserved for my own relationship .
I said not to every request that both of us did a public emergence together .
<unk> television interviews , and he refused the orders for us two .
I think he was afraid of becoming the icons of <unk> in the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel absolutely unqualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know whether the study worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce long-lasting love , not just an adventure but real love , long-lasting love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months ago , and I felt , especially , that people asked the wrong question .
How do you know if we would go together or not , and then tell them ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach to college students , using what Aron was called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal staff .
It sounds like romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were more close to doing it , and several studies later , they also used <unk> protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposite political ideology .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me , `` I tried to study it , and it did n't work . ''
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I : You mean , you want to say , `` Would you mean the person who you did it ? ''
Well he paused .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I was , but got better friends ?
Did you get them to get better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was basically all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or he could live without him .
So I turned into science .
Now , I was able to figure out everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could be a certain way to get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time , I thought I just research this for the book I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought if I built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I felt like I felt .
And all this knowledge has been useful in a way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably I can demand me .
What I 'm looking for love is an assurance , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way in order to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because love makes us feel wonderfully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story 's version of the story : still still ?
And his content with an answer to it or not .
So more than a question , would I would propose that we make more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How will it stay in love when things get ready , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to ? Or even more , how do you live in doubt about your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the history of my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , a known year , and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , and we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But love is not the same as being in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : `` Love did n't happen . ''
You fall in love because we take the choice of being .
And I wince to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , there was no thought of what that choice was supposed to do .
It did n't be considered how many of us have to make that decision , and the time I 'll have to keep making that choice without knowing before he will choose or not .
I want to be enough to have done and responded to 36 questions , having chosen to love someone as generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice on the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I 'm going to spend my life looking at is that myth is true .
I want to implicit implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone , and the hope that he also will love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by lesbian in full mountain , and I kind of came up with a <unk> of the forest .
Something in New York City a while , something that really affected me but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought , well , some strange humanoids , or aliens , they found this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species experiences ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from tour and surf and all those weird stuff -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took off all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> in style of style <unk> in his style , covered in resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother has a fear of bees , and he 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could make it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to rise in size , as if it was that he would take the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did that ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for all my life , trying to relate to it and storytelling about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow out of it , drawing the same way that you do about a piece of dead on the crime scene .
And I pulled out the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens being invented .
First , the ones that you might be able to make an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw on the resin 's layers .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
I became interested at some point in the human form , <unk> resin and drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was lost .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass glass , similar to the drawing in a window , and then another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work <unk> with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
The triptych , I was really inspired by `` The Garden of delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the Museum of the <unk> in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych . I 'll explain this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
Five feet long .
It has twice a face , which is 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , there is Jesus and lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , this analog mesh underworld , where they hide .
This is where creatures with animals are heading to beacon , ready to kill themselves in mass mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird standing tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of <unk> <unk> and <unk> bin Laden , there 's all sorts of weird stuff that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a mythological being keeps the Earth and the cosmos .
So it 's a kind of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand in which it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have an nose , like a bird cap , and it spits out clouds from this proboscis .
It also has a <unk> <unk> , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , your tail hits the <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> <unk> balloon made of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It 's very stubborn time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a file of our culture , through media and material are encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a form of a human being , and they travel into groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They 're like cells , they get together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's bringing me up .
Each one is basically a microscope pair that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside .
This has a little cave in his chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get it down .
I 'm going to join you with the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that 's coming out of your chest , and it covers your penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a match .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a writer , a writer , a <unk> of radio , a museum , a school , a school arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
They 're going to show up the box and all the people inside it 's hit with each other as particles .
And I think that 's how to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we get to realize that we 're all in this together , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from the borders , of the religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts about the same stuff , and in the same box .
And if we do n't start exchanging those things with sweetness , and depending on everyone we 're going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect of pain , first goes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
So I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system so that any medication made effect on the body .
The underdog , though , is that when you get it , any medication gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the cells ' cells .
But they 're also known for their side side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes them to get into the blood stream , it becomes <unk> , and even worse for the time that take it to its destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV store .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the bloodstream of the patients that are being tested with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after treatment disruption , the virus can wake up and infect these blood cells .
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a <unk> treatment of life , managed by <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the virus store , without the risk of risk dilution ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for your care of wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything you can imagine , including the transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and close holes are immediately infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
They 're like , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser and powerful laser beam over the cellular membrane , while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
So before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , as the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look very long .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied <unk> groups : arms organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
He card what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to better understand these <unk> agents and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to the confrontation nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in progress , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No longer .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-state actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements , and 2011 , <unk> signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups , and we should even have a <unk> or <unk> in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they 're fighting , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed fight and political struggle are related .
It 's all part of the organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , our Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent clash against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also set up a political party , a social services network and a military apparatus .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We would put a complex machine machine : radio stations , television channels , television channels and strategies of the Internet and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , printed in English and published .
<unk> groups are also investing in a complex fundraising of funding , but by doing profitable business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
<unk> groups do something more : create stronger bonds with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , put in hospitals , put in professional training programs .
It provides all these services and more .
<unk> groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't give , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan ripped by war or even the beginning of ISIS promotion , can also be understood also looked at efforts to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , we can provide social services , and it means filling up a vacuum , a <unk> gap by government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 , Palestinian Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyze the armed groups , we only think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
<unk> because they 're doing gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participating in the violent struggle and provide governance .
And the more sophisticated and more sophisticated organizations are these organizations , we can less make it as opposed to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of an territory , they run all its functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines will be <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of developing nations and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , like in the Middle East , the more they come in and they fill that gap for non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more on military tools .
They put up that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important , also to establish and put the peace together .
If we understand better at armed groups , we will better understand what incentives to foster the transition from violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we wo n't give us peace and stability .
In order to achieve these targets , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid that they 're getting openly the feminist label would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The evil feminist , '' and then on interviews , people started calling me `` <unk> <unk> . ''
So what started as a personal joke destined myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and the 20 years old , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , anger with men and hated sex . Like that was something bad .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at that time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to assume that I could be a feminist .
It will be labeled as a feminist accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'm haunted as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is too much with self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They spend the same wages for the same paycheck .
We have right to travel around the world as <unk> , free to bullying or violence .
We have a right to use it to be easy and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide on our bodies , without need for legislative controls or doctrines to <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , we need to have in account our other identities .
We 're not only women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , abilities and much more .
We have to account for these differences , and how they affect us , the same way that we have in common .
Without this inclusion type , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive the job , I hear rap music <unk> at all volume .
Though the lyrics <unk> women and offends women and offends me , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' is amazing .
`` Do it happen with your wet shirt .
<unk> , take it , give it to the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely enthralled by my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- every home , but also kill insects , the trash collection , the <unk> of the grass and the maintenance care .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic comedies , and I have <unk> <unk> of the fairy fairy tales .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of his husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism feminism , which has been ignored , historically the needs of women 's women , the workers and gay and transgendered women , for white , heterosexual , middle-class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It 's happening as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're looking at perfection .
And when we got ourselves , we take them with a lot of comfortable from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've already been complaining about that pedestal before I try to get there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged like feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I am a feminist , '' because it means that sticker , because it 's afraid not to be able to fulfill the most realistic expectations .
Let 's take <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist soldier .
In <unk> Music from 2014 , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' three feet tall .
It was a magnificent show , seeing this pop star on top of feminism , and to know women and young men to be a feminist is something to be proud of .
They spent the time , cultural critics started endless arguments if they were not a feminist basis .
It would take their feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
It perfectly perfection perfection , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need so long .
We 're going to go far beyond sensible and constructive , to acquire the feminism of any woman , wreck until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to accountability , will move to action and be a little more courageous .
If I listen to music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to speak about women in their songs until they will make the change affecting their profits .
It 's certainly not difficult .
Why does your music that will be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
They 're two fine , wonderful little girls , and also very brave , and I want you to grow up in a world .
That 's where you 've been involved in strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within it as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program comes to sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of Thrones .
We can change the radio solo when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when movies do n't treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting sports sports where athletes treat their peers as boxing sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't include a number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to become even more like us welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> , and without taking these positions , our achievements is going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions come to the top , to people in the power directors and film producers and music , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create lasting , meaningful change .
We can also tell with courage , good , bad , or anyway .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` <unk> being a bad feminist unless you wo n't be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially because the old voice was stolen , and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to cope with what happened .
And a few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm sending my voice , and then I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I came back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me , and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women that showed me that it was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realizing that none of us is the world about telling us that the world is about us .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the reality humiliating that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , what I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we could all be a little brave , when you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , having measles , or being exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in Quebec .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that may be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be even worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article unleashed about autism and vaccines , whether to be honest vaccines , because of being a legal fraud fraud the British Medical Journal ?
It does n't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know that , but millions of parents around the world are still going to understand that vaccines will put in danger to their children of autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
And the few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about it creates a whole professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> are referred to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria expanded '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language did n't make a lot of the fears of a young parent who 's looking for the face of his two years , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to elaborate , why were they so tight at the beginning ?
Why were cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and wary of science that with the power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , which describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , invited people around , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving the hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to panic for <unk> as when they were not placed their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patient treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority in the world , stated that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they pick up <unk> of places as distant as South Africa .
This is not really surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , I 'm going to give you that diagnosis of kids with seizures , but we now know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had turned out that he had become nine in every 10 kids sent out for other doctors to their office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
He was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
You 've got autism as a form of child psychosis caused cold parents and cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've been carefully kept in a refrigerator that they did n't bite .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they all include in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned the age two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad view of these skills , claiming things like kids were just getting away what they 'd heard their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , making it invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s , which researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , cognitive psychologist in London , I thought that the theory of mothers who were <unk> was quite stupid .
She and his husband John were warm and <unk> , and had a profoundly autistic daughter called black-eyed .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was raising a child like black-eyed Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National National Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that was made 30 years before .
They launched a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
It was <unk> a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the model of <unk> was too limited , because autism actually was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination with astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or in the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice and <unk> , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did anyone ever realized these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in 1944 in 1944 , the following year to the <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ash of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
And I knew about this article about the competition , but I avoided <unk> on their own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband of <unk> was speaking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who ran a clinic integrated with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching , learning differences , were including for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with classes with music exercises , and kids kept their games at the afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability , which required acts of support and tuned spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called them their little teachers , and he started to help the development of education that were especially suitable for them .
Often , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were ordinary , and they 've always been , watching aspects of this continuum in the world of pop culture , like the awkward social scientist and the distracted professor .
He was beyond even saying that for the success of science and art , an amount of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that he was wrong when autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were the <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the diagnostic criteria that they were called autistic spectrum .
In the late '80s and early '90s , their changes came in place , instead of the limited model of <unk> by a broad , inclusive model .
And these changes did n't fall off my broken bag .
<unk> and Judith worked in backstage to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out `` Rain '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after real-time figures acting like Raymond <unk> and the <unk> of `` Rain Man '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what the autism was .
At the same time , the first clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism .
It should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for their son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria , and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect , a perfect storm of consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnostics began to rise up , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they were expected to be like this , making people with autism and their families finally get their support and services they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines by the increase in diagnostics , a simple , powerful , and seductive story , as bad as the theory of <unk> that autism was .
If the estimate of the center of the prevention of one in 68 children in the spectrum are right , <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that puzzles are to solve the new medical advances , which is <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work for Windows , it does n't mean it 's cut .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social faith , and it 's a <unk> deficit .
No doubt , autistic people are struggling to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still achieving Asperger , who believed that the cure for the most disabling aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers , employers with capacity , community support , and fathers with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all of the hands on deck to <unk> the boat of humanity . ''
Now , as we are navigating to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to tackle the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to take care of a brain .
Thank you .
